### Anand S (2025-01-19T08:17:46.856Z)

Please post any questions related to [Project 1 - LLM-based Automation
Agent](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/project-1).

Deadline: Sunday, February 16, 2025 6:29 PM

**Update on 27 Jan 2025** :

A _sample_ evaluation script for Project 1 tasks A1-A10 is available at
[tools-in-data-science-public/project-1 at tds-2025-01-project-1-wip ·
sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public ·
GitHub](https://github.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tree/tds-2025-01-project-1-wip/project-1)

You can use this to validate your code for Project 1.

Please note:

  1. This is a sample. It **WILL** change.
  2. Don’t rely on the dataset being the same. It **WILL** change.
  3. LLMs give different results each time they are called. Make sure: 
     * Your code gives correct results _reliably_ (i.e. try a few times)
     * Change the task in the evaluation script slightly to test variations
  4. Your [AI Proxy usage](https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/) resets on 1 Feb. You have a limited budget. Utilize what you can this month.
  5. For those who [submit their code](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdOaljgV-INdbKrPotV9OMUKV01QVaFEfcnr5dAxBZqM4x37g/viewform?usp=dialog) by Friday 31 Jan, I will run a sample evaluation and share the results.


---
### Anand S (2025-01-19T08:20:32.879Z)




---
### Shouvik Roy  (2025-01-19T13:44:38.945Z)

sir show us all the way to do project


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-19T13:45:31.017Z)

Hi Shouvik,

We will have live sessions to guide on how to do project.

Kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Sakthivel S (2025-01-20T10:44:32.687Z)

Will those session be on youtube too?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-20T10:48:22.899Z)

Hi Sakthivel,

Yes all sessions are being recorded and are available on youtube within a day.  
[Jan 25 TDS
Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_h5u1jMeBCl1BquBhgunA4t08XAxsA-C)

Kind regards


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-01-23T09:57:29.120Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Text:** The image contains a set of instructions, likely part of a tutorial
or guide. The text is formatted as a bullet point list. * **A1. Install `uv`
(if required) and run** - This line indicates a step to install a software
package named "uv", but only if it's not already installed. *
**`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/datagen.py`** - This is a URL pointing to a Python script
named `datagen.py` hosted on GitHub. It's likely a script for generating data.
* **with `${user.email}` as the only argument. (NOTE: This will generate data
files required for the next tasks.)** - This tells the user to execute the
Python script, providing their email address (represented by `${user.email}`)
as a command-line argument. It also explains that running this script will
create data files needed for subsequent steps. **Formatting:** * The text is
written in a clear, instructional style. * The use of a bullet point indicates
a step-by-step process. * The URL is highlighted in a different shade of grey
(likely in a code block or to emphasize its importance). * The inclusion of
"NOTE" indicates an important piece of information. * The `${user.email}` has
a different shade of grey as the URL indicating a variable of some sort.
**Overall Interpretation:** The image shows instructions for setting up an
environment and running a data generation script. The user is expected to
install a tool (uv), obtain a Python script from GitHub, and run it with their
email address as input. The generated data will then be used in later tasks.
]Screenshot 2025-01-23 1516141281×125 18.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/0/20410aa56e88be04883b6f3feca5010089afe276.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-23 151614")

  
sir [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) after editing line 127 in datagen.py i got those
required data files. is it allowed ? also i had to run datagen.py MANUALLY(is
this process also should be automatic)?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-23T11:30:21.008Z)

Hi Guddu ,

I didn’t make any changes to file and it worked for me. Can you mention what
is need of making changes ?

command that I used :  
`uv run datagen.py 22f3002542@ds.study.iitm.ac.in --root ./data`

here --root option defines the folder where you want to store generated data.
by default it would try to create a folder in root directory of operating
system.

Kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Aishik Bandyopadhyay (2025-01-23T13:05:16.643Z)

getting this issue :

    
    
    openai.AuthenticationError: Error code: 401 - {'error': {'message': 'Your authentication token is not from a valid issuer.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error', 'param': None, 'code': 'invalid_issuer'}}
    


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-23T13:22:03.304Z)

Hi Aishik,

Pls add context to your query, without that we won’t be able to understand,
where exactly you are facing problem.

[Image could not be described] 23f2005325:

>
>     openai.AuthenticationError: Error code: 401 - {'error': {'message':
> 'Your authentication token is not from a valid issuer.', 'type':
> 'invalid_request_error', 'param': None, 'code': 'invalid_issuer'}}
>  

Possible reasons for this issue:

  1. Not using anand sir’s proxy url for sending requests.
  2. Token not being correct.


---
### Aishik Bandyopadhyay (2025-01-25T16:20:57.111Z)

yes I was not setting the base url to the proxy. I have fixed it thank you .


---
### Aishik Bandyopadhyay (2025-01-25T18:12:39.754Z)

While implementing task A5, I am confused about what recent actually means in
the phrase “recent log file”, mentioned under task A5, in the problem
statement. This confusion arises because there are no dates corresponding to
the log files. Should I consider log-0 as the most recent one? or the
log-<largest_number> file? Please clarify.


---
### Aishik Bandyopadhyay (2025-01-26T10:30:43.750Z)

I am getting the following response when I am trying to extract credit card
number from the credit-card.png :

    
    
    {'id': 'chatcmpl-<redacted>', 'object': 'chat.completion', 'created': 1737872397, 'model': 'gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18', 'choices': [{'index': 0, 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.", 'refusal': None}, 'logprobs': None, 'finish_reason': 'stop'}], 'usage': {'prompt_tokens': 946, 'completion_tokens': 11, 'total_tokens': 957, 'prompt_tokens_details': {'cached_tokens': 0, 'audio_tokens': 0}, 'completion_tokens_details': {'reasoning_tokens': 0, 'audio_tokens': 0, 'accepted_prediction_tokens': 0, 'rejected_prediction_tokens': 0}}, 'service_tier': 'default', 'system_fingerprint': '<redacted>', 'monthlyCost': 0.07715699999999998, 'cost': 0.0029040000000000003, 'monthlyRequests': 31, 'costError': 'crypto.createHash is not a function'}
    

my code is as below :

    
    
    def extract_credit_card_number():
        import requests
        import base64
        import os
        from dotenv import load_dotenv
        load_dotenv()
    
    
    
        BASE_URL = "http://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/chat/completions"
        headers = {
            "Content-Type": "application/json",
            "Authorization": f"Bearer {os.environ["AIPROXY_TOKEN"]}"
        }
    
        image_path = "../data/credit_card.png"
    
        with open(image_path, "rb") as image_file:
            base64_image = base64.b64encode(image_file.read()).decode("utf-8")
    
        payload = {
            "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
            "messages": [
                {
                    "role": "system",  
                    "content": "You are a helpful assistant that provides detailed and accurate descriptions of images. Focus on describing the objects, colors, textures, the overall scene, and most importantly, the text and numbers in the image. Be concise but thorough."
                },
                {
                    "role": "user",
                    "content": [
                        {
                            "type": "text",
                            "text": "You are given an image containing a credit card number. Extract the credit card number from the image"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "image_url",
                            "image_url": {
                                "url": f"data:image/png;base64,{base64_image}"
                            }
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ],
        }
    
        
        response = requests.post(BASE_URL, headers=headers, json=payload)
    
        
        if response.status_code == 200:
            result = response.json()
            print("RESULT:", result)
            cno = result["choices"][0]["message"]["content"]
            print("CREDIT CARD NUMBER:", cno)
        else:
            print(f"Error: {response.status_code}")
            print(response.text)
    

please guide [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Sathyavathi S  (2025-01-26T17:16:01.337Z)

do we have to do these tasks in the linux? As in some of the GA1, the linux
answers only accepted. Please tell me that, do we can do it in the desktop or
we have to use linux?  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-01-26T18:10:34.636Z)

The bash commands are usually run in a linux machine, but you can easily run
those commands in VSCode without installing any virtual machines. Download the
WSL extension in VSCode and you will get a WSL terminal to work with.

For more information watch this video
<https://youtu.be/q74CP4fB7cY?si=M_zw8WzpmMCyVQat> or watch TDS Live Sessions.

Regards,  
TDS TA


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-27T01:27:41.658Z)

what frameworks can we use? hopefully anything?

or what frameworks can’t we use?  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-27T03:04:44.636Z)

Project 1 deliverables are all that matter. How you accomplish them is not
very relevant. The keys to a successful Project 1 are:  
Deliverables,  
and _an example_ of the Evaluation has been provided.  
If your project runs in accordance with the Evaluation methodology then it is
considered.  

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-01-27 at 8.35.23 am1764×1764
374 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/8/488e23f9ea65d35c5ba806fab09f4b5934ed2ed4.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-27 at 8.35.23 am")

Please read the documentation carefully from top to bottom.

So the main question is how do you test if the script will run according to
the evaluation? The whole point is for it to run not just on your system. It
should be deployable anywhere on any machine. Your solution should work
anywhere we test it. Thats why you package it in a docker container. How you
achieve that is up to you. But if we cannot run your docker container
according to the specification we have provided then it has failed this
crucial test.

Kind regards


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-27T03:09:21.493Z)

[@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382)

You can use any library as long as your Project 1 meets the deliverable
requirements and does all the (20+) API tasks.

Kind regards


---
### Anand S (2025-01-27T13:32:36.477Z)

A _sample_ evaluation script for Project 1 tasks A1-A10 is available at
[tools-in-data-science-public/project-1 at tds-2025-01-project-1-wip ·
sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public ·
GitHub](https://github.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tree/tds-2025-01-project-1-wip/project-1)

You can use this to validate your code for Project 1.

Please note:

  1. This is a sample. It **WILL** change.
  2. Don’t rely on the dataset being the same. It **WILL** change.
  3. LLMs give different results each time they are called. Make sure: 
     * Your code gives correct results _reliably_ (i.e. try a few times)
     * Change the task in the evaluation script slightly to test variations
  4. Your [AI Proxy usage](https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/) resets on 1 Feb. You have a limited budget. Utilize what you can this month.
  5. For those who [submit their code](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdOaljgV-INdbKrPotV9OMUKV01QVaFEfcnr5dAxBZqM4x37g/viewform?usp=dialog) by Friday, I will run a sample evaluation and share the results.

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
\- please socialize this during the live sessions.


---
### Divyasree (2025-01-27T14:00:22.634Z)

By clicking the project link ,I am getting the notes…but no project is
available in my project 1


---
### Divyasree (2025-01-27T14:02:29.072Z)

by clicking the link

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image content: The
image shows a screen capture of what appears to be an online interface, likely
an educational platform or assignment management system. On the left side,
there's a list of projects, with "Project 1" highlighted. A small clock icon
next to it suggests this is an assignment with a deadline. An upward-pointing
arrow suggests that this project can be expanded or collapsed to view more
details. On the right side, there's a question related to "Project 1". The
question reads: "1) I have seen Project 1 available at this link and have
attempted it." The words "this link" are underlined, indicating it's a
hyperlink. Below the question, there's an option to answer "Yes" with a
corresponding radio button. ]image1198×136 9.49 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/2/32bd53681054ab17de6350c49f68b405acd538b9.png
"image")

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
its content and features: **Overall Structure:** The image appears to be a
screenshot of a webpage or document, likely a project specification or
educational material related to data science. It's divided into two main
sections: a left-hand sidebar for navigation and a larger content area on the
right. **Left-Hand Navigation Sidebar:** * **Header:** "Tools in Data Science"
at the top. * **Search bar:** There's a search bar with the prompt "Type to
search". * **Expandable/Collapsible Menu:** The sidebar presents a
hierarchical menu structure, with several expandable or collapsible sections:
* "Tools in Data Science" (Collapsed, indicated by ">") * "Development Tools"
(Expanded, indicated by "✓") * "Deployment Tools" (Expanded, indicated by "✓")
* "Large Language Models" (Expanded, indicated by "✓") * "Project 1"
(Expanded, indicated by "✓") * "Background" (Highlighted, indicating current
selection) * "Create an API" * "Phase A: Handle Operatio..." (cut off) *
"Phase B: Handle Business..." (cut off) * "Deliverables" **Main Content Area
(Right Side):** * **Project Title:** "Project 1 - LLM-based Automation Agent"
* **Due Date and Announcement:** * "This project is due on 15 Feb 2025 EoD
IST. Results will be announced by 25 Feb 2025." * **Question/Discussion
Link:** "For questions, use this Discourse thread." (Implies a link to a
discussion forum). * **Section Heading:** "Background" * **Background Text:**
A description of the project context. Key points from the text include: * The
user is part of the operations team at "DataWorks Solutions". * DataWorks
Solutions processes large volumes of log files, reports, and code artifacts. *
The company aims to automate routine tasks and integrate them into a
Continuous Integration (CI) pipeline. * The team is using a Large Language
Model (LLM) to handle unpredictable incoming data (logs, tickets, code,
surveys). **Overall Impression:** The image provides a structured overview of
a data science project that utilizes Large Language Models for automation. The
project appears to be organized into phases, with the current section focused
on providing the background context. The presence of due dates and a
discussion thread link indicates a structured learning environment.
]image1750×581 70.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/3/937562cc32dc76a582f6845678b048730622d388.png
"image")

  
I am getting this opened.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-27T21:30:57.919Z)

Hi [@Divya1](/u/divya1) ,

There won’t be any project1 page such as GA1s, there is a google form(which
can be found in same page) which needs to be filled after you do project1.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-27T21:57:49.221Z)

Hi [@23f2005325](/u/23f2005325) ,

Extracting details from credit cards is sensitive, try using strong prompts or
take code from LLM and execute it in script.

kind regards


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-28T08:28:17.260Z)

Regarding Wednenday 9-10 pm live session, maybe the instructors could also
discuss how to use docker as a virtual environment using maybe ollama(local
llm as now there is deepseek opensource, i doubt we would need to use openai
for testing, just for production(test submission) would be enough) and also
some agent(langchain, autogen, crewai) just a quick how-to on setting up and
problems while setting up if possible

More resources on docker. Using docker as a virtual environment. Editing and
executing code in Dockerfiles (like when you change code in src a web
framework automatically reloads page(hot reload)), something along the lines
of this .

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-28T11:55:55.799Z)

[Image description: Okay, here's a detailed description of the image:
**Overall Composition:** The image shows a portion of a character's head and
shoulders against a plain, light orange background. It is cropped, showing
only the lower half of the face and the top part of the hat. **Character
Details:** * **Hat:** The character is wearing a yellow straw hat with a red
band around the base of the crown. There appears to be a small, light-colored
accessory attached to the hat, possibly a flower or feather. * **Face:** We
can see some of the character's face. They have dark hair and dark eyes, and
their skin is light. **Overall Impression:** The image is a stylized, possibly
cartoon or anime-style depiction of a character. The cropping focuses our
attention on the hat and the character's expression, creating a sense of
intrigue. If you have specific questions about the image, feel free to ask! ]
23f1002382:

> Regarding Wednenday 9-10 pm live session, maybe the instructors could also
> discuss how to use docker as a virtual environmen

In Tuesday’s(21 January) session we had discussed docker towards ending of
session.  
What was discussed in that live session regarding docker:

  1. Search for existing containers on repositories such as dockerhub.
  2. Pull an existing docker image.
  3. Run that image inside a container.
  4. Enter to that container and modify something(such as installing python inside a ubuntu container, for customization or create some file)
  5. Once done you can commit it.
  6. And push customized container’s image to docker hub.

Regarding local models running for project1, it’s a good idea, we will see if
it’s possible to discuss in session.


---
### Divyasree (2025-01-28T18:07:19.143Z)

In the google forms , I have 2 questions in one form now to submit should it
is compulsory that to answer the both the questions?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-29T02:57:18.959Z)

Hi [@Divya1](/u/divya1)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a slide or a presentation slide
outlining "Deliverables" for a project or assignment. It uses a bullet-point
list format to present the tasks. **Visual Elements:** * **Heading:** The
title "Deliverables" is at the top, accompanied by a red star icon to its
right. * **Bullet Points:** The deliverables are listed as bullet points. *
**Text:** The content is primarily text describing each deliverable. *
**URL:** there are 3 clickable URLs on the slide to guide the user. **Textual
Content and Deliverables:** Here's a breakdown of the tasks listed: 1\.
**Create a new public GitHub repository:** Indicates the need to set up a
publicly accessible code repository on GitHub. 2\. **Add an MIT LICENSE
file:** Instructions to include the MIT license file in the github repository.
3\. **Write and test your code. Call POST /run?task=... with a few tasks and
check if GET /read?path=... creates the correct files.:** Implies that the
project involves creating code that responds to HTTP POST and GET requests. It
specifies the endpoints `/run?task=...` and `/read?path=...`. 4\. **Commit and
push your code:** Standard version control practice, indicating the code
should be committed to the repository and pushed to GitHub. 5\. **Create a
Dockerfile that builds your application:** Specifies the creation of a
Dockerfile to containerize the application. 6\. **Publish your Docker image
publicly to Docker Hub:** States that the Docker image built from the
Dockerfile should be made publicly available on Docker Hub. 7\. **Ensure that
running your image via podman run $IMAGE_NAME -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN
-p 8000:8000 automatically serves the API at
http://localhost:8000/run?task=... and http://localhost:8000/read?path=...:**
Instructions on how to run the image and verify that it serves the API. 8\.
**Submit in this Google Form the URL of your GitHub repository
(https://github.com/user-name/repo-name) and your Docker image name (user-
name/repo-name):** This deliverable is highlighted with a red rectangular box.
It requests the submission of the GitHub repository URL and Docker image name
through a Google Form. Placeholder values are provided as `user-name/repo-
name`. **Key Observations:** * The slide is instructional and provides steps
for a coding/deployment project, likely in a DevOps or cloud environment. *
The project likely involves creating an API or web application. * Docker
containerization and public publishing are key aspects. * GitHub is used for
code version control. * Podman is used to test the image. ]Screenshot
2025-01-29 at 8.19.05 am1738×982 122 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/5/35e7ce763c7605e99ee1fad3906e1cd31d094b31.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-29 at 8.19.05 am")

Please do very carefully all things mentioned in the Deliverables as well as
look at the Evaluation Section.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: The image is
a screenshot of text outlining the scoring criteria or prerequisites for a
project or evaluation. The text is structured as a bulleted list under the
heading "Here's how we will score the results." The main section is titled
"Pre-requisites" and states that the repository MUST meet certain criteria to
be eligible for evaluation. These prerequisites are: 1\. The GitHub repository
must exist and be publicly accessible. 2\. The GitHub repository must have a
"LICENSE" file with the MIT license (the word "LICENSE" is highlighted). 3\.
The GitHub repository must have a valid "Dockerfile" (the word "Dockerfile" is
highlighted). 4\. The Docker image must be publicly accessible and run via a
specific command. The command is provided in monospace font and reads: `podman
run $IMAGE_NAME -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p 8000:8000`. 5\. The Docker
image must use the same Dockerfile as in the GitHub repository. In summary,
the image provides a list of criteria a GitHub repository and Docker image
need to meet in order to be considered for evaluation, including
accessibility, license, Dockerfile presence, and proper execution. ]Screenshot
2025-01-29 at 8.26.08 am1460×496 45.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/9/898ab28ebe773e40fb3ad9b98c71ce4c5d063c09.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-29 at 8.26.08 am")

We had a session on 28th Jan introducing all the important aspects of Project.

If you do not do everything exactly as mentioned **especially the pre -
requisites** mentioned in the Evaluation section you will get 0 in the project
and _there will be no appeal_ for failing to meet the pre - requisites of the
evaluation criteria.

In order for us to evaluate the project you have to provide the deliverables
mentioned above.

Kind regards


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-29T06:32:45.816Z)

* * *

**Subject:** Request to Add Instructors to Private GitHub Repo

**Message:**  
_"Dear [Instructors’ Names],_

_I’ve set up the environment and dependencies for the project and was
wondering if it would be appropriate to add you to my private GitHub
repository. I’d appreciate any guidance on improving performance, scalability,
and design principles. Please let me know if this is feasible or if there’s a
more suitable way to seek feedback. Apologies if this request is out of
scope._

_Thank you for your time!_

_Best,_  
[Your Name]"*

ChatGPT can make mistakes. Check important info.


---
### Anand S (2025-01-29T10:41:16.527Z)

[@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382) \- You’re welcome to use the evaluation script in
this post for private repos.

[Image could not be described] [Project 1 - LLM-based Automation Agent -
Discussion Thread [TDS Jan
2025]](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-1-llm-based-
automation-agent-discussion-thread-tds-jan-2025/164277/21) [Tools in Data
Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> A sample evaluation script for Project 1 tasks A1-A10 is available at
> [tools-in-data-science-public/project-1 at tds-2025-01-project-1-wip ·
> sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public ·
> GitHub](https://github.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
> public/tree/tds-2025-01-project-1-wip/project-1) You can use this to
> validate your code for Project 1. Please note: This is a sample. It WILL
> change. Don’t rely on the dataset being the same. It WILL change. LLMs give
> different results each time they are called. Make sure: Your code gives
> correct results reliably (i.e. try a few times) Change the task in t…

For public repos submitted in the form, I’ll run this script over the weekend
and share preliminary results.


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-29T11:29:04.323Z)

T h a n k y o u sir.


---
### Joel Jeffrey (2025-01-30T06:20:34.650Z)

For A6, /data/docs/ has subfolders with .md files from which we have to
extract the heading level 1’s (#) right? Apparently there are few files with
different content but the same name. Can someone confirm the same? If yes how
to address these files [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-30T06:26:20.605Z)

I had set up the environment and dependencies and everything was working fine.
When i tried to recreate it from scratch in a new codespace it broke. I fixed
almost everything except this error

    
    
    @ANdIeCOOl ➜ /workspaces/TDS-Project-1 (main) $ crewai create crew b2b
    Traceback (most recent call last):
      File "/home/codespace/.python/current/bin/crewai", line 5, in <module>
        from crewai.cli.cli import crewai
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/crewai/__init__.py", line 3, in <module>
        from crewai.agent import Agent
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/crewai/agent.py", line 7, in <module>
        from crewai.agents import CacheHandler
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/crewai/agents/__init__.py", line 2, in <module>
        from .parser import CrewAgentParser
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/crewai/agents/parser.py", line 6, in <module>
        from crewai.utilities import I18N
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/crewai/utilities/__init__.py", line 13, in <module>
        from .embedding_configurator import EmbeddingConfigurator
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/crewai/utilities/embedding_configurator.py", line 4, in <module>
        from chromadb import Documents, EmbeddingFunction, Embeddings
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/chromadb/__init__.py", line 6, in <module>
        from chromadb.auth.token_authn import TokenTransportHeader
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/chromadb/auth/token_authn/__init__.py", line 24, in <module>
        from chromadb.telemetry.opentelemetry import (
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/chromadb/telemetry/opentelemetry/__init__.py", line 13, in <module>
        from opentelemetry.exporter.otlp.proto.grpc.trace_exporter import OTLPSpanExporter
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/opentelemetry/exporter/otlp/proto/grpc/trace_exporter/__init__.py", line 25, in <module>
        from opentelemetry.exporter.otlp.proto.grpc.exporter import (  # noqa: F401
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/opentelemetry/exporter/otlp/proto/grpc/exporter.py", line 72, in <module>
        from opentelemetry.sdk.metrics.export import MetricsData
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/opentelemetry/sdk/metrics/__init__.py", line 16, in <module>
        from opentelemetry.sdk.metrics._internal import Meter, MeterProvider
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/opentelemetry/sdk/metrics/_internal/__init__.py", line 56, in <module>
        from opentelemetry.sdk.metrics._internal.measurement_consumer import (
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/opentelemetry/sdk/metrics/_internal/measurement_consumer.py", line 29, in <module>
        from opentelemetry.sdk.metrics._internal.metric_reader_storage import (
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/opentelemetry/sdk/metrics/_internal/metric_reader_storage.py", line 26, in <module>
        from opentelemetry.sdk.metrics._internal._view_instrument_match import (
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/opentelemetry/sdk/metrics/_internal/_view_instrument_match.py", line 22, in <module>
        from opentelemetry.sdk.metrics._internal.aggregation import (
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/opentelemetry/sdk/metrics/_internal/aggregation.py", line 48, in <module>
        from opentelemetry.sdk.metrics._internal.exponential_histogram.mapping.exponent_mapping import (
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/opentelemetry/sdk/metrics/_internal/exponential_histogram/mapping/exponent_mapping.py", line 25, in <module>
        from opentelemetry.sdk.metrics._internal.exponential_histogram.mapping.ieee_754 import (
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/site-packages/opentelemetry/sdk/metrics/_internal/exponential_histogram/mapping/ieee_754.py", line 15, in <module>
        from ctypes import c_double, c_uint64
      File "/usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__init__.py", line 8, in <module>
        from _ctypes import Union, Structure, Array
    ImportError: /usr/local/python/3.12.1/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_ctypes.cpython-312-x86_64-linux-gnu.so: undefined symbol: ffi_type_uint32, version LIBFFI_BASE_7.0
    

i updated the libffi package using sudo but while breaking something else can
someone pls help me? [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
  
  
  
  
  

history of commands in new codespace

    
    
        1  crewai --version
        2  pip install crewai crewai-tools
        3  python3 -c "import sqlite3; print(sqlite3.sqlite_version)"
        4  export PATH=/opt/conda/bin:$PATH
        5  export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/conda/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
        6  python3 -c "import sqlite3; print(sqlite3.sqlite_version)"
        7  crewai create crew <project_name>
        8  crewai create crew b2b
        9  history
    

  
  

UPDATE: IT’s WORKING if you do this in order

    
    
        1  python3 -c "import sqlite3; print(sqlite3.sqlite_version)"
        2  export PATH=/opt/conda/bin:$PATH
        3  export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/conda/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
        4  python3 -c "import sqlite3; print(sqlite3.sqlite_version)"
        5  pip install --no-cache-dir --force-reinstall typing_extensions pydantic crewai crewai-tools
        6  conda install -c conda-forge typing_extensions
        7  exec bash
        8  crewai create crew "Project 1 - LLM-based Automation Agent"
    

Something about different environment conda and python can the instructors
please help me understand it(resources ), so i can trouble shoot this later
with better accuracy come precision


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-30T12:51:19.538Z)

evaluate.py  
TDS course repo

[Image could not be described] [github.com](https://github.com/sanand0/tools-
in-data-science-public/tree/tds-2025-01-project-1-wip/project-1)

### [tools-in-data-science-public/project-1 at tds-2025-01-project-1-wip
·...](https://github.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tree/tds-2025-01-project-1-wip/project-1)

Contribute to sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public development by creating an
account on GitHub.

line 20

    
    
    from datagen import (
        get_markdown,
        get_dates,
        get_contacts,
        get_logs,
        get_docs,
        get_email,
        get_credit_card,
        get_comments,
        get_tickets,
    )
    

but we get datagen.py only in a1 task  
line 69

    
    
    async def a1(email: str, **kwargs):
        await run(
            f"""
    Install `uv` (if required) and run the script `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public/tds-2025-01/datagen.py`
    with `{email}` as the only argument
    """
        )
        return email in await read("/data/format.md")
    

The issue is **importing`datagen` before ensuring it exists**

just checking

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-30T21:37:48.839Z)

Hi [@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382),

Yes datagen.py must be present in same directory from where you are executing
evaluate.py.

Oh, You trying to use crewai locally for Project1  
kind regards


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-30T21:56:52.077Z)

Hi [@JoelJeffrey](/u/joeljeffrey) ,

Filepath is unique for every file, which needs to be inserted to json file.


---
### Joel Jeffrey (2025-01-31T06:55:55.139Z)

Ok. So just to confirm, since there are files with the same name, the json
file should map the filepath and not the filename to the title right?  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Structure:** The image presents a programming task or exercise. It
is labeled as "A6." and describes a process for finding and indexing Markdown
files. **Text Content:** * **Task Description:** The core of the image
contains instructions for a task related to Markdown files. Specifically, the
task involves: * Finding all Markdown files (with the extension `.md`) within
a directory named `/data/docs/`. * For each Markdown file found, extracting
the first header line (which is defined as the first line starting with the
`#` character). * Creating an index file named `/data/docs/index.json` to map
each filename (without the path) to its corresponding title (the extracted
header). * **Example:** An example is provided in the form of a JSON snippet
to illustrate the desired structure of the index file: `{"README.md": "Home",
"large-language-models.md": "Large Language Models", ...}` This indicates that
the index file will be a JSON object where each key is the filename (e.g.,
"README.md") and the associated value is the title extracted from the Markdown
file (e.g., "Home"). **Key Elements:** * **.md:** Indicates the Markdown file
extension. * `/data/docs/`: Represents the directory where the Markdown files
are located and where the index file should be created. * `#`: Denotes the
character that signifies a header line in Markdown. * `/data/docs/index.json`:
Specifies the name and location of the output index file. * JSON Example:
Shows the expected structure of the `index.json` file, which is a dictionary
mapping filenames to titles. **Interpretation:** The image describes a
programming exercise that involves file system navigation, file reading,
string manipulation, and JSON file creation. The task is designed to create a
simple index of Markdown files based on their first-level headers. ]Screenshot
from 2025-01-31 12-25-29790×117 19.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/3/d3ebea3238860bad920a47ff55ac33cb02ad2d63.png
"Screenshot from 2025-01-31 12-25-29")


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-31T08:40:50.303Z)

no crewai, it takes really long i put time out for 300 secs(in run(task:str)
in evaluate.py) still sometimes its not enough. I’ll try with autogen next and
then langchain


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-01-31T08:41:45.108Z)


    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65085 - "GET /read?path=/data/format.md HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    data/format.md 81ms
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65149 - "POST /run?task=%0AFormat+the+contents+of+%60%2Fdata%2Fformat.md%60+using+%60prettier%403.4.2%60%2C+updating+the+file+in-place%0A HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65251 - "GET /read?path=/data/format.md HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65263 - "POST /run?task=The+file+%60%2Fdata%2Fdates.txt%60+contains+a+list+of+dates%2C+one+per+line.+Count+the+number+of+Wednesdays+in+the+list%2C+and+write+just+the+number+to+%60%2Fdata%2Fdates-wednesdays.txt%60 HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65298 - "GET /read?path=/data/dates-wednesdays.txt HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65312 - "POST /run?task=Sort+the+array+of+contacts+in+%60%2Fdata%2Fcontacts.json%60+by+%60last_name%60%2C+then+%60first_name%60%2C+and+write+the+result+to+%60%2Fdata%2Fcontacts-sorted.json%60 HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65350 - "GET /read?path=/data/contacts-sorted.json HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65361 - "POST /run?task=Write+the+first+line+of+the+10+most+recent+%60.log%60+file+in+%60%2Fdata%2Flogs%2F%60+to+%60%2Fdata%2Flogs-recent.txt%60%2C+most+recent+first HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65390 - "GET /read?path=/data/logs-recent.txt HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65402 - "POST /run?task=Find+all+Markdown+%28%60.md%60%29+files+in+%60%2Fdata%2Fdocs%2F%60.%0AFor+each+file%2C+extract+the+first+occurrance+of+each+H1+%28i.e.+a+line+starting+with+%60%23+%60%29.%0ACreate+an+index+file+%60%2Fdata%2Fdocs%2Findex.json%60+that+maps+each+filename+%28without+the+%60%2Fdata%2Fdocs%2F%60+prefix%29+to+its+title%0A%28e.g.+%60%7B%22README.md%22%3A+%22Home%22%2C+%22path%2Fto%2Flarge-language-models.md%22%3A+%22Large+Language+Models%22%2C+...%7D%60%29 HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65436 - "GET /read?path=/data/docs/index.json HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65452 - "POST /run?task=%60%2Fdata%2Fcredit_card.png%60+contains+a+credit+card+number.+Pass+the+image+to+an+LLM%2C+have+it+extract+the+card+number%2C+and+write+it+without+spaces+to+%60%2Fdata%2Fcredit-card.txt%60 HTTP/1.1" 500 Internal Server Error
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65482 - "GET /read?path=/data/credit-card.txt HTTP/1.1" 500 Internal Server Error
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:65503 - "POST /run?task=The+SQLite+database+file+%60%2Fdata%2Fticket-sales.db%60+has+a+%60tickets%60+with+columns+%60type%60%2C+%60units%60%2C+and+%60price%60.+Each+row+is+a+customer+bid+for+a+concert+ticket.+What+is+the+total+sales+of+all+the+items+in+the+%22Gold%22+ticket+type%3F+Write+the+number+in+%60%2Fdata%2Fticket-sales-gold.txt%60 HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:49154 - "GET /read?path=/data/ticket-sales-gold.txt HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    

result after running evaluate.py:

:dart: Score: 0 / 10

why sir [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) what is the
problem here??  
please do a live session of complete project process with one or two tasks if
possible


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-31T09:04:35.954Z)

Hi Guddu,

We are planning several project sessions in order to show the workflow of
creating a successful project.

Although you are returning a 200 ok, the get request file must match the
expectation. In other words after running the first task for example, has the
new format.md been formatted correctly and matches the expected output.

In this case you would write out the the `expected` variable in the
`evaluate.py` and see if `result` variable matches the `expected`. Then you
can figure out what went wrong.

Kind regards


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-01-31T09:32:51.688Z)

Ok sir  
But please try to take those sessions sooner  
Because it’s taking too much time for me to do any problem(plus two more
courses and one oppe you know) .so I just want to build the project before
deadline.


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-31T11:10:36.199Z)

Please give the date, time and agenda also please.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-31T11:38:24.014Z)

Yes sir ,:saluting_face:

As soon as we know we will send an announcement.

Kind regards.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-01T06:48:06.736Z)

the model keeps wrong answer, it says uvicorn for uv and has no info on how to
run uv even after explicitly giving instructions(basically an older model) ,
basic “ls” command is also wrong, among other things. You can check your logs
with respect to my api key.  
Do you think we could access a better model?

Maybe Download Deepseek 70b or even 671b and create an api while y’all run the
model locally, in the long it would be cheaper for the course?  
because the model doesn’t know basic commands after telling how to do it.  
So if the model gives us wrong commands 2/3 times then how would we even solve
the question.  
I spent a week on this just saying  
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-01T07:03:38.242Z)

sent pull request maybe accept it then please :upside_down_face:


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-01T07:50:52.938Z)

[ [Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a stylized graphic with a flat, geometric design.
The color palette is warm, featuring shades of orange, blue, and a dark teal
or navy. It gives off a modern, infographic vibe. **Text:** The central text
element reads: * "TOOLS" * "IN" * "DATA" * "SCIENCE" The text is in a bold,
sans-serif typeface, and the color is a complementary orange that stands out
against the darker background. **Objects and Features:** The entire image is
constructed of stylized icons or symbols that are suggestive of data science
tools and concepts. These include: * **Graphs and Charts:** Several types of
graphs are depicted, including pie charts, line graphs, bar graphs, and
scatter plots. * **Networking/Connections:** There's a network-like design
with connected nodes, possibly symbolizing data relationships. *
**Technology:** A laptop is featured prominently in the center, indicating the
tech-heavy nature of data science. There are also icons resembling tablets or
screens. * **Tools:** A magnifying glass and what looks like a pincer or
caliper are included, representing the analytical tools of the field. *
**Geometric Shapes:** Various geometric shapes (circles, squares, triangles)
appear, often arranged into patterns or visual representations of abstract
data concepts. * **Globe:** An icon of a globe is present, symbolizing data
potentially spanning the world. * **Lock:** A lock is depicted, likely
symbolizing security and data protection. * **Pencils/Markers:** There are
icons of pencils or markers, perhaps indicating analysis and note-taking.
**Composition:** The arrangement is quite symmetrical and well-balanced. The
icons are grouped around the central text, creating a visual frame. The
overall structure suggests a structured and organized approach to data
science. **In summary,** the image is a visual representation of the field of
data science, emphasizing the tools, techniques, and concepts involved in the
domain. The graphic is modern, clean, and visually engaging.]
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdg4N-H4BR0)

can we have the code for this session please?  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-02T08:46:20.663Z)

i need some help can you send me your repo?


---
### Vivek Rekha Ashoka (2025-02-02T19:19:05.604Z)

Hello, I recently started working on the project. I understood how to do all
the phase A tasks on a high level but I’m struggling to start the
implementation of the first task in phase A. I’m confused mainly about how the
/data directory is supposed to be created, I don’t know how to generate the
data and a little confused about the output formats. I would appreciate if I
could get in contact with anyone who could guide me in the right direction.


---
### Hriday Pradhan (2025-02-03T06:42:50.121Z)

Hello everyone, [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
I had a few queries regarding the project;

  1. I am preloading my docker image with uv and generating the /data files when the container is ran. For task A1, I am automating my server to remove the /data directory that’s already present and run datagen.py again. Is this fine?
  2. For /read endpoint, is there a standard for parameters like “path=/data/format.md” or the parameter could be a plain english sentence like “path=show the data in format.md”?
  3. Are we concerned about what’s shown on the console if I run a /run command as long as it gets the job done?
  4. For tasks A1-10, are the file paths provided in the project doc standard or even they’re flexible? Ex. “Count the number of Wednesdays in file /data/format.md, and write just the number to /data/out.txt”


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-03T08:00:58.755Z)

+1  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


---
### 24DS1000121 ULAGAOOZHIAN (2025-02-03T08:54:03.151Z)

Dear Sir,  
Can we have a mentorship program for TDS for those who have no experience in
programming like me ?  
thanks & regards.  
ULAGAOOZHIAN


---
### Dewang Gandhi (2025-02-02T10:36:40.360Z)

For Project-1 to complete, it requires:  
"You MUST complete ALL these 3 steps to get a score. Failure to do so will
result in getting 0 in the project. If you do not do ALL these 3 steps before
the deadline, there will be no appeal available.  
• Fill the form that is on the Project Page  
But I did not get the form; where is it? While I checked inside the project
pages also.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-03T13:02:45.150Z)

Hi Dewang,

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Structure:** * The
image appears to be a screenshot of a webpage or document, likely a tutorial
or instructions for a data science project. * The left side is a navigation
sidebar, while the main content is on the right. **Left Sidebar
(Navigation):** * **Title:** "Tools in Data Science" * **Search Bar:** There's
a search bar labeled "Type to search". * **Navigation Items (Expandable):** *
"Tools in Data Science" (appears to be the main category) * "Development
Tools" (expanded) * "Deployment Tools" (expanded) * "Large Language Models"
(expanded) * "Project 1" (expanded) * "Background" * "Create an API" * "Phase
A: Handle Operations..." * "Phase B: Handle Business..." (currently
selected/highlighted) * "Deliverables" * "Evaluation" * "Data Sourcing"
(expandable) * "Data Preparation" (expandable) * "Data Analysis" (expandable)
* "Data Visualization" (expandable) * "Live Sessions" (expandable) **Main
Content Area (Right Side):** * **Title:** "Deliverables" (At the top,
indicating this section lists project deliverables.) * **Star Icon:** Next to
the "Deliverables" title, there is a red star. * **List of Deliverables
(Bulleted List):** The main content consists of a series of bullet points
outlining the steps or tasks required for the project. Key tasks include: *
Creating a new public GitHub repository. * Adding an MIT LICENSE file. *
Writing and testing code (POST and GET requests with `/run?task=...` and
`/read?path=...` endpoints). * Committing and pushing the code. * Creating a
Dockerfile. * Publishing the Docker image to Docker Hub. * Running the Docker
image via `podman` with environment variables and port mapping. * **Submission
Instructions (Key Element):** * **Text:** "Submit in this Google Form the URL
of your GitHub repository" (Highlighted with an arrow). * **Link:**
(https://github.com/user-name/repo-name) and your Docker image name (user-
name/repo-name) * **Note Section:** Instructions regarding the Al Proxy token
and other details. * **AIPROXY\\_TOKEN:** Emphasizes the importance of using
the AIPROXY_TOKEN environment variable and *not* committing it to the
repository. * **Al Proxy Token:** Mentions the Al Proxy token has a $1 limit
and to contact the TDS team for more tokens if needed. * **GPT-4o-Mini:**
Recommends using "GPT-4o-Mini" as the generation model. * **Prompt Length:**
Advises keeping prompts short and concise and that calls to /run and /read
should complete within 20 seconds. * **Section Heading:** "Evaluation"
followed by a red star icon. **Overall Impression:** The image provides a
guide for a data science project, specifically focused on creating an API,
containerizing it with Docker, and deploying it. It emphasizes the importance
of version control (GitHub), security (API token), and resource management (Al
Proxy token). The focus on "Deliverables" and "Evaluation" indicates that this
is likely part of a larger course or program. ]Screenshot 2025-02-03 at
6.27.39 pm 12268×1766 491 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/2/9286f3dcf5984d514cf6a40996bd5040f5d9c306.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-03 at 6.27.39 pm 1")

Please _read_ the Project page Deliverables carefully as well as the
Evaluation Pre - Requisites.

Kind regards


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-04T09:04:40.260Z)

[github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-/blob/main/README.md)

#### [README.md](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-/blob/main/README.md)

[`main`](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-/blob/main/README.md)

    
    
    # TDS-Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-
    ## Info
    - Create codespaces on main or evalution script branch
    Use history.txt to get sqlite to version 3.45.3 into bash session 
       - 64  export PATH=/opt/conda/bin:$PATH
       - 65  export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/conda/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
       - 66  python3 -c "import sqlite3; print(sqlite3.sqlite_version)"
    
    - cd to latest_ai_development and run cmd [ crewai run] which set up server 
    - Then in a separate bash terminal run "python evaluate.py" 
    - also make sure to enter openai or sanand api key in crew.py
    
    # Simple history of commands
    1. Terminal 1 
        - 1  python3 -c "import sqlite3; print(sqlite3.sqlite_version)"
        - 2  export PATH=/opt/conda/bin:$PATH
        - 3  export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/conda/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
        - 4  python3 -c "import sqlite3; print(sqlite3.sqlite_version)"
        - 5  cd latest_ai_development/
        - 7  pip install crewai crewai-tools
    

This file has been truncated. [show
original](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-/blob/main/README.md)

My take on autonomous agents. Limited by model capabilities to some extent.
Will use function calling hence forth but here is a quick look at using crewai
for agent tasks.


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-02-04T09:55:02.489Z)

Sir [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) just saying,  
If possible Please do 40-50% of project in upcoming live sessions so that we
all have atleast something to submit.


---
### Arjun G (2025-02-05T16:32:16.103Z)

I am using ubuntu. How do I use python 3.13. It says my python version is 3.12
even after installing python 3.13  
Someone please help


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-02-05T18:38:02.561Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) sir, I see that the project 1 timeline was changed from
February 7 - 17, 2025 to January 17 - February 15 which undoubtedly is a good
increase in duration. However, I have my GATE DA exam on Feb 15 and the exam
center is unexpectedly far. So, I request you to consider pushing the deadline
to at least Feb 16. If not, I’ll still do my best.


---
### Hriday Pradhan (2025-02-06T07:04:26.179Z)

Hello! [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)

Is the proxy server down right now?  
I am getting this error when I am accessing the endpoint:

{‘id’: ‘chatcmpl-Axq55TzulOVjHYuXYIhkRQzCC3PNl’, ‘object’: ‘chat.completion’,
‘created’: 1738824915, ‘model’: ‘gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18’, ‘choices’:
[{‘index’: 0, ‘message’: {‘role’: ‘assistant’, ‘content’: …, ‘costError’:
‘crypto.createHash is not a function’}

Or, do I have to install crypto module?


---
### Anand S (2025-02-06T07:29:30.529Z)

[@21f3002390](/u/21f3002390) \- AI Proxy is working and you _did_ get the
result. You can ignore any `costError`. It won’t happen in the future anyway.

**What’s happening?** I was trying to generate a unique hash for each request,
as a precursor to caching requests. But I made a mistake in the code.
Specifically, `crypto.createHash` is not supported in CloudFlare. [I fixed
that](https://github.com/sanand0/aiproxy/commit/5943b6d355deffff88ac07d17aa0c6969cacc3d5)
by removing this. I’ll introduce caching later if required.


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-02-06T09:28:32.920Z)

For the question #A8 on recognizing the credit card number in the image, Open
AI doesn’t seem to be recognizing the number correctly and as a result the
evaluation is failing. What should be the solution?  

[[Image description: The image shows the execution of a task involving a Large
Language Model (LLM) to extract a credit card number from an image and write
it to a file. Here's a breakdown: * **Task Description:** The task is to take
an image file (`/data/credit_card.png`) that contains a credit card number.
The LLM should extract the card number and save it without spaces to a file
(`/data/credit-card.txt`). * **HTTP Request (POST):** This section represents
an API call to a local server at `http://localhost:8000/run`. The request
includes a task definition embedded in the URL query parameters. The task
definition, encoded as URL parameters, specifies the location of the image and
instructions to the LLM. * **HTTP Response (HTTP 200):** This indicates a
successful response from the server. The response includes a JSON object which
specifies that a function named "extract\\_numbers\\_from\\_image" is to be
used. The arguments for this function are also provided including the input
file path and output file path. * **HTTP Request (GET):** This section
represents another API call, this time a GET request to
`http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/credit-card.txt`. This request attempts
to read the content of the file `/data/credit-card.txt`, presumably to verify
the result. * **Output Verification:** This section compares the expected
output with the actual result. * `EXPECTED`: `4026399336539356` * `RESULT`:
`402639933635936` There is a discrepancy. The expected credit card number has
a value of `4026399336539356`, while the LLM returned `402639933635936`. It
seems the model extracted the number incorrectly. ]image913×498 13.6
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/a/eab0a8c362c564a00917bb033bce6ad5ba40d103.png
"image")


---
### DEEPANSHU (2025-02-06T12:31:43.426Z)

When will live sessions for demo project start? If started please provide link
for that as I am unable to get what the project is about and what are the
initial steps to start project.


---
### Aishik Bandyopadhyay (2025-02-06T20:18:10.571Z)

Getting the following error :

    
    
    127.0.0.1 - - [07/Feb/2025 01:44:54] "GET /run?task=generate%20data%20for%20ujanaishik109@gmail.com HTTP/1.1" 200 -
      File "/tmp/datagenyhqKlO.py", line 1
        404: Not Found
        ^^^
    SyntaxError: illegal target for annotation
    
    

when executing the following code :

## Main.py

    
    
    @routes.route("/run", methods=["GET", "POST"])
    def run():
        task = request.args.get("task")
        try:
            res = get_func_name(task)
            func_name = res["func_name"]
            args = res.get("arguments", [])
            print("ARGUMENTS : ", args)
            if args:
                generated_func = globals()[func_name](*args)
                print("GENERATED FUNC :",generated_func)
                res = f"{func_name} executed successfully"
            else:
                generated_func = globals()[func_name]()
                print(generated_func)
                res = f"{func_name} executed successfully"
        except Exception as e:
            res = None
            print("error : ", e)
        return jsonify(res)
    
    

## Tasks.py

    
    
    def generate_data_files(user_email: str):
        subprocess.Popen(
            [
                "uv",
                "run",
                "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public/tds-2025-01/datagen.py",
                f"{user_email}",
                "--root",
                "../data",
            ]
        )
        print("data generated successfully")
    

Please Guide [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Joel Jeffrey (2025-02-07T07:29:18.667Z)

A query regarding the task description in the query given to LLM for phase A.

For task A3, we have been asked to count wednesdays and the python file
corresponding to A3 does count for wednesday alone. However the example says
the LLM might be asked to count Sundays or other days. Should we be modifying
task A3 code? Or was that just an example and only Wednesdays would need to be
counted?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-07T10:11:59.243Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Please respond .


---
### Avnish Jajodia (2025-02-07T13:37:29.745Z)

When will the project session be held? If I have missed it, can I get the
recording?

[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-07T14:15:14.659Z)

Tuesday is when we are currently planning a project session.

Kind regards


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-07T14:21:00.051Z)

Tasks in Phase A are defined but that does not mean it has to do one precise
thing. If that was the case then there is no use for an LLM.

Your application should be able to take parse the input and be able to run
commands that do similar things in parameterised fashion. It could be
Wednesdays or Sundays or it might be in Arabic days or anything. So coding to
precisely do something very specific is not the goal.

The program has to be intelligent to do a certain type or class of tasks.

We had a session introducing project. Week 3 session 1. But we will have a
more hands on session on Tuesday.

Kind regards


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-07T15:47:26.981Z)

the last date of project submission is gonne get extended?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-07T16:03:54.000Z)

Project 1 was released over a month ago. So there will be no extension for
Project 1


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-02-07T16:06:52.107Z)

how to handle this error  

[[Image could not be described]image1425×490 11.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/b/cb2aa2c67034917f4e124243281661285cbe26a6.png
"image")

  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-02-07T19:50:53.195Z)


        expected = sum(1 for date in dates if parse(date).weekday() == 2)
        if result.strip() != str(expected):
            return mismatch("/data/dates-wednesdays.txt", expected, result)
        return True```
    
    
    

:red_circle: /data/dates-wednesdays.txt  
:warning: EXPECTED:  
129  
:warning: RESULT:  
“129”

If it is expecting str then why throw error sir ? [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
or just tell me how to pass count as an int here

    
    
    with open(output_file, "w") as f:
            f.write(str(count)) 
    


---
### Telvin Varghese (2025-02-08T08:33:27.497Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
**I am getting below error message from LLM end
points**<https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions> or
<https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings>** , while running my
project .**

[Image could not be described]  
Kindly help me to resolve this issue. :cry:


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-02-08T10:13:42.037Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) Will there be evaluation script for tasks in group B
also?

Some questions about ‘B’ group tasks:

Q1: For the following tasks (B5, B7, B9, and B10) tasks, how will input files
be provided? Will it be URL or will `datagen.py` also generate files for
these?

Q2: For the above tasks as well as for B6 ( Extract data from (i.e. scrape) a
website), how should output be returned?

Q3: In task B8, for transcribing audio file, which Python package is
recommended or do we need to use OpenAI API?

B5. Run a SQL query on a SQLite or DuckDB database  
B7. Compress or resize an image  
B8. Transcribe audio from an MP3 file  
B9. Convert Markdown to HTML  
B10. Write an API endpoint that filters a CSV file and returns JSON data


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-02-08T10:14:39.105Z)

its expecting to match every single detail in that even " and ’ .  
in that case changing evaluate.py will result in zero or less marks.  
llm will only handle -calling function based on query and parameter . What is
it going to do about the logic of functions.

If i still focus on passing evaluate.py will it be any good sir
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)

    
    
    🔴 /data/contacts-sorted.json
    ⚠️ EXPECTED:
    [{'first_name': 'Kevin', 'last_name': 'Aguirre', 'email': 'ricardocarlson@example.net'}, {'first_name': 'Andrew', 'last_name': 'Anderson', 'email': 'kimberly08@example.com'}, {'first_name': 'Robert', 'last_name': 'Arnold', 'email': 'hunterpamela@example.com'}, {'first_name': 'Isaac', 'last_name': 'Barker', 'email': 'jessicabriggs@example.net'}, {'first_name': 
    

My output was in good looking structured form but I had to make it look like
this just to pass the evaluation.

    
    
    ⚠️ RESULT:
    [{"first_name": "Kevin", "last_name": "Aguirre", "email": "ricardocarlson@example.net"}, {"first_name": "Andrew", "last_name": "Anderson", "email": "kimberly08@example.com"}, {"first_name": "Robert", "last_name": "Arnold", "email": "hunterpamela@example.com"}, {"first_name": "Isaac", "last_name": "Barker", "email": "jessicabriggs@example.net"}, {"first_name": "Anthony", "last_name": "Barrett", "email": "kevinknox@example.org"}, {"first_name": "Monique", "last_name": "Bass", "email": "lindsaymcgrath@example.net"}, {"first_name": "Michael", "last_name": "Berry", "email": "an
    


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-09T06:06:02.825Z)

Sorry, sir, not trying to be rude, but there isn’t a single full-fledged
project session. It’s a bit difficult to dive into the project without
guidance on how to do it. It would be nice to have a full project session
where we can start a project from the beginning and follow it to completion.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Yogesh (2025-02-09T06:33:13.210Z)

Yes. I am very worried about this project. I have been trying to do this. But
have gotten nowhere until now.


---
### Sujay D (2025-02-09T08:10:55.954Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) sir I request you demonstrate atleast few tasks, I
spent last 2 days trying to implement but din’t reach anywhere, its really
demotivating sir.


---
### Akash Kumar (2025-02-09T09:38:41.944Z)

Can you please demonstrate it by just doing One task or provide sample example
code of 1 similar task in the way you explained here. It will be very helpful
right now it is very confusing.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-09T10:30:37.275Z)

We will be doing project session on ~~Tuesday 9 Feb~~ [correction] Tuesday
11th of Feb (thanks [@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382) [@23f2000237](/u/23f2000237))
. Project 1 uses the things you learnt in week 1-3. But mostly week 2 & 3.

We dont do it in the beginning, (but introduced it 2 weeks ago in a live
session), to give students chance to practise the new learnings from week 2 &
3.

The plan has always been to demonstrate a few tasks and have you try doing the
rest.

Kind regards


---
### Telvin Varghese (2025-02-09T10:41:46.503Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
**I am getting below error message from LLM end
points**<https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions> or
<https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings>** , while running my
project .**

[Image could not be described]  
Kindly help me to resolve this issue. I am unable to proceed with my project.


---
### Sakthivel S (2025-02-09T11:07:42.376Z)

Today’s 9th Feb and it’s a Sunday.


---
### Aindree Chatterjee (2025-02-09T15:27:58.255Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Image
Content:** * **Subject:** The image is a close-up shot of a man's face and
upper body. * **Man's Appearance:** * He appears to be middle-aged. * He has
dark hair with some receding hairline. * He is wearing glasses. * He is
wearing a shirt (color unclear due to the color grading of the image). *
**Expression and Pose:** * He is looking to the side with a slightly
contemplative or thoughtful expression. * His head is tilted slightly. *
**Background:** * The background is a solid color, likely a warm brown or
reddish-brown. * **Color Grading:** * The image has a strong warm color grade.
**Possible Relevant Features for Questions:** * The glasses suggest the man
may be intellectual or scholarly. * The expression on his face could be
interpreted as thoughtful, worried, or perhaps skeptical. * The background
color gives a general mood.] s.anand:

> **Update: 27 Feb 2025** :

Sir, does this mean 27th is submission deadline?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-10T02:01:43.833Z)

Hi Aindree,

No its a typo (and will be corrected soon). In the context of what was written
it clearly means it was _updated_ on 27th January. The update being that the
evaluation.py file was provided so that you could test your code against it.

Thanks for bringing it to our attention.

Kind regards


---
### Joel Jeffrey (2025-02-10T05:47:01.257Z)

Hi

This would be only for a selected few questions right because say for the
credit card question, where the LLM is involved, to get the card number
itself, we have to give a fine-tuned and strong query.


---
### Sakthivel S (2025-02-10T09:14:25.875Z)

Try using the eval() function, that seemed to work for me


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-02-10T10:38:11.034Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Sir, could
you please share some guidance on the above?


---
### Srividhya (2025-02-10T11:26:25.879Z)

[@jivraj](/u/jivraj),[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
I have done the a1 to a10 task and tried querying through localhost and its
working fine basically all these ten steps but dont know whether its enough or
not. also steps in phase B i am confused that should we create separate
endpoints for these tasks or should it be with same /run endpoint and query.
then will the input be random by any user. what about the output . where
should it be given. phase b needs more explanation.


---
### B Varun karthik (2025-02-10T11:35:58.014Z)

At what time will the session be happening tomorrow sir can you please give
the details?


---
### Aakanksha Panjwani (2025-02-10T14:27:20.468Z)

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Facing some issues in running my project. Taking an example of the Phase A -
A3 task.

I am able to read my files through the GET/read/data/dates.txt query.  
I am also able to use the count_wednesdays function through the POST/run
task/count_wednesdays.

But when I am entering a query such as “count_wednesdays in data/dates.txt” I
am unable to get a response.  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a table with information. The table has two columns labeled "Code" and
"Details." The "Code" column has the value "200". The "Details" column
contains the text "Response body" followed by a black box containing a JSON
object. The JSON object has one key-value pair: "error": "Could not understand
the task". The text within the JSON object is displayed in a monospaced font,
typically used for code. ]image618×246 6.28 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/4/3409badd267a53d868ee0474c770481d75a98510.png
"image")

  
Please advice. Thank you.


---
### Sathyavathi S  (2025-02-10T17:09:42.837Z)

[[Image description: The image presents two instructions. The first
instruction directs the user to extract the sender's email address from an
unspecified source (likely another file or image), and then write just the
email address to the file located at "/data/email-sender.txt". The second
instruction (labeled "A8.") specifies that the image "/data/credit-card.png"
contains a credit card number. It instructs the user to pass this image to a
Large Language Model (LLM) to extract the credit card number. Finally, the
extracted credit card number (without spaces) should be written to the file
"/data/credit-card.txt". ]image1215×112 19 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/4/a47a14f732c91f801761f2728bdf74f5611c81f0.png
"image")

On task A8, credit-card.png is given, but it is in credit_card.  
it makes the errors. I checked that 2 to 3 tasks depend on these, and we
create the ouput file with ‘-’ this only. please clarify that output and input
files name ‘-’ or ‘_’ [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Sathyavathi S  (2025-02-10T17:13:41.736Z)

On tomorrow live sessions, kindly explain how to use docker, evaluations,
github, what generally we have to do submit, please get some tuturials for us
to submit those answers. Thankyou Sir [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-10T18:51:11.574Z)

(post deleted by author)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-10T21:15:48.888Z)

(post deleted by author)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-10T21:25:21.100Z)

(post deleted by author)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-10T21:59:07.953Z)

:dart: Score: 9 / 10  
Almost done with A tasks. Please use this for local llm to verify output  
Also Ollama doesn’t require Schemas  
  
CHECK OUT THE REPO AND ANY INPUTS ARE WELCOME  
[Link to ReadMe and also repo](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project-1/blob/checking-with-evaluate.py/README.md)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-11T03:51:52.920Z)

Hi Andrew,

You have done a great job with the Phase A tasks. Very methodical, well
structured, logical and even incorporates (unnecessarily) two different ways
of evaluating its performance via local llm or the project proxy.

I just want to forewarn you (and others who are tempted to just blindly copy
and paste) that evaluate.py is not meant to give you an exact expectation of
what prompts will be sent to your application.

**In other words getting 10/10 in`evaluate.py` does NOT guarantee 10/10 or
even 5/10 or 1/10 in the real evaluation.**

So do not write your code so rigidly that it will only work in the very strict
interpretation of `evaluate.py`. It has always been meant to give you a feel
for what to aim for. Your code should be flexible enough to deal with the
general _idea_ of the task.

That said, `evaluate.py` is a good way to know what to expect. Some of Phase A
tasks although given a detailed specification in the project description, will
still be given challenging prompts (i.e. hard difficulty, and requires some
clever self correcting mechanism). Some of the tasks will be given straight
forward prompt (i.e. easy for your application). Some of the tasks will be
given with some level of parameterisation that deviates from the strict
interpretation (i.e. medium difficulty).

Hope that helps with how you deal with Phase B tasks (and making your Phase A
more robust to a stronger evaluation.)

**A word of caution:** _(i.e. this is just some advice, not a set in stone
recommendation)_ Your requirements.txt is massive. If your code does not
execute a task (_possibly your first task_) within 20 seconds (on our server)
then it will fail that task. You might want to consider a dynamic, flexible
way of installing only required libraries when necessary and keeping the image
footprint small and efficient, as we will necessarily have limits on how big
we allow images to grow since we have to run and evaluate hundreds of images
automatically.

Kind regards


---
### Telvin Varghese (2025-02-11T07:01:21.237Z)

Respected [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) and
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,

Is anyone actively monitoring the Discourse page? I have been raising this
issue for the past few days, but there has been no response. Does this mean
the TAs are not addressing students’ concerns?

I am encountering the following error while running my project with these LLM
endpoints:

  * **<https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions>**
  * **<https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings>**  
[Image description: The image displays a snippet of JSON code, seemingly an
error message. Here's a breakdown: * **Overall Structure:** The code uses
curly braces `{}`, colons `:`, double quotes `"` and commas `,` to define a
JSON object. * **Error Key:** There is a key named `"error"`. * **Error
Value:** The value associated with the "error" key is `"API Error: 429, {\n
"message": "On 2025-02 you used $2.002295600000011, exceeding $2"\n}"`. This
indicates an API-related error with the error code 429. The message part of
the JSON object explains that on February 2025, the user exceeded the spending
limit of $2 by using $2.002295600000011. The `\n` likely represents a newline
character for formatting.]  
This issue is blocking my progress, and I urgently need assistance to resolve
it. Kindly provide guidance or suggest a solution at the earliest.

Looking forward to your response.

Thanks,  
Telvin Varghese


---
### Kratika (2025-02-11T07:17:01.378Z)

Hi,  
I am not able to understand how to do the Project 1. The date is also very
near.

The problem I am facing is, When I did the Modules the page was different, but
now in the Project 1 I am not getting any section to submit the project.

Please let me know where are the questions and how tot submit that.  
The deadline is near.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-11T07:18:03.044Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a close-up headshot of a man. The photo appears to
be taken indoors, likely against a plain, light-colored wall. The lighting is
even, suggesting a soft light source. **Person:** * **Gender:** Male *
**Age:** Appears to be in his late 20s to early 40s. * **Ethnicity:** Judging
from his features, possibly of South Asian or Middle Eastern descent. *
**Hair:** Dark hair, neatly styled and parted on the side. * **Eyes:** Dark
eyes. * **Eyeglasses:** He is wearing dark-rimmed eyeglasses. * **Facial
Features:** Clean-shaven face. * **Attire:** He is wearing a purple collared
shirt. * **Expression:** A slight, gentle smile. He appears friendly and
approachable. **Background:** * The background is a plain, light yellow wall.
There are no discernible patterns or details on the wall. **Other
Observations:** * The image is in focus, with the person's face being the
clear focal point. * The overall composition of the image is simple and
straightforward, focusing attention on the individual. **Potential Questions
This Image Can Help Answer:** * What does this person look like? * What is the
person's approximate age range? * What kind of clothing is the person wearing?
* What kind of eyewear does the person use? * What is the ethnicity of the
person?] carlton:

> o do not write your code so rigidly that it will only work in the very
> strict interpretation of `evaluate.py`. It has always been meant to give you
> a feel for what to aim for. Your code should be flexible enough to deal with
> the general _idea_ of the task.

This where I need help, i tried doing with agentic framework but i failed with
the model in llm proxy, which was highly suspect because, that model should
have known what the uv framework but it seemed to me to be outdated. Hence
executing code Interpreter tools failed as the model gave outdated code. I
have raised this issue before

Hence i moved to function calling, using local llms as cost-effective solution
and it was quite robust.

I just need to understand how the function should be general, maybe 2-3 tasks
you could provide the general description along with all the ways one would
query the agent llm(ie our project). This general function is what i need help
with. Please kindly do the needful.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-11T07:54:33.324Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image based on its
content: **Overall Impression:** The image shows a headshot of a man. He's
facing slightly to the left, and the background is a plain, light yellow or
cream color. **Subject Details:** * **Gender:** Male * **Age:** Appears to be
in his late 20s to early 40s. * **Appearance:** He has short, dark hair that
is neatly styled. * **Eyewear:** He's wearing glasses with a dark frame. The
style is somewhat rectangular or square. * **Clothing:** He's wearing a purple
or dark-colored collared shirt. The top button is closed. * **Expression:** He
has a slight, friendly smile. * **Skin Tone:** Light to medium skin tone.
**Background:** * The background is a solid, light yellow or cream color. It's
quite simple and doesn't have any distinct patterns or objects. **Additional
Features:** * The image appears to be cropped around the shoulders and head. *
The lighting is even, without harsh shadows.] carlton:

> keeping the image footprint small and efficient, as we will necessarily have
> limits on how big we allow images to grow since we have to run and evaluate
> hundreds of images automatically.

Any tentative size cutoff for the docker image?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-11T10:14:00.116Z)

Hi Telvin

You have run out of tokens. Thats what the message is saying. You ran out 3
days ago. It was clearly mentioned that the limit is $1. You have exceeded $2.

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-02-11 at 3.36.50 pm2078×1276
305 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/b/1b74cf0c060e28cd3459173bce28d123a8d5da05.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-11 at 3.36.50 pm")

In our current internal build of project 1, we have yet to exceed $0.50

As to whether it can be renewed is something we have still not yet decided,
because the question you have raised equally would apply to everyone. Raising
it for you means raising it for everyone. $1 for everyone equals raising it by
$1600+ _(i.e Rs 1.39 Lakhs)_ for us!

The budget question then involves more than one person. It also involves the
BS Team Operations and not just the TDS team and therefore instead of
responding with a response that is not useful, we typically try to solve the
problem first and then respond.

In short we are working on it. But as we have mentioned repeatedly in our
sessions, use APIs efficiently, thats part of the skill. As soon as we have a
resolution we will inform everyone via an announcement and an email.

Kind regards


---
### Telvin Varghese (2025-02-11T10:34:24.293Z)

Thanks for your response, [@Carlton](/u/carlton). It seems I won’t be able to
proceed with the project until this issue is resolved. Also, I haven’t used
LLM so much until February 7th to cost $2.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-11T10:43:05.396Z)

Every request you send, gives you a response back with exactly how much that
request cost. So you can track your usage.


---
### Telvin Varghese (2025-02-11T11:08:19.962Z)

I’m aware of that. I’ve mostly noticed a cost of $0.0003 per request, so I
haven’t been tracking my total monthly expenses. Moving forward, I’ll keep a
record of the cost for each request. Also, do strong prompts impact the
overall cost?


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-11T11:32:35.401Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) Is the project session happening today? I don’t have
the link. Can you please send it if it’s happening?


---
### Aakanksha Panjwani (2025-02-11T11:34:29.425Z)

Hi, where is the link for todays Project 1 demo session?
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### B R GIRI SUBRAHMANYA (2025-02-11T11:37:00.655Z)

<https://meet.google.com/odh-ycbm-ahj?authuser=0>


---
### Prakhar Yadav (2025-02-11T11:46:25.605Z)

# request

    
    
    http://localhost:8000/run?task=Extract the sender's email from /data/email.txt and write to /data/email-sender.txt](http://localhost:8000/run?task=Extract the sender's email from /data/email.txt and write to /data/email-sender.txt)
    

# output

    
    
    {    "detail": "Error code: 401 - {'error': {'message': 'Your authentication token is not from a valid issuer.', 'type': 'invalid\_request\_error', 'param': None, 'code': 'invalid\_issuer'}}"}
    

[@carlton](/u/carlton) sir I am getting this issue while running my script.
Please help!


---
### Aindree Chatterjee (2025-02-11T12:19:31.097Z)

I’m getting an error in task a2, def do_a2():  
“”“Format markdown using prettier”“”  
format_md_path = DATA_ROOT / “format.md”  
subprocess.Popen([“prettier”, str(format_md_path), “–write”, “–parser”,
“markdown”])  
print(“data formatted successfully”)

any idea how to fix this? Also in A8, a 5 and a 3 is getting interchanged. Can
someone help why that is hapening, I changed the prompt to include caution
about not switching 3 and 5 as well, that didn’t help either


---
### Maheshwar Ture (2025-02-11T12:35:58.890Z)

what is the session time?


---
### ABHROJYOTI GHOSH (2025-02-11T12:45:30.356Z)

[[Image description: The image shows a terminal output indicating a Python
program execution error. Here's a breakdown: **1. Terminal Prompt:** *
`abhro014@Abhro:/mnt/d/My_folder/IITM online degree/Diploma/TDS/Project1$` :
This is the command prompt. It tells us the user's username (`abhro014`), the
hostname (`Abhro`), and the current directory (`/mnt/d/My_folder/IITM online
degree/Diploma/TDS/Project1`). It suggests the user is working on a project
related to an IITM online degree or diploma in TDS (presumably Data Science)
within a directory on their `d` drive. **2. Command Executed:** * `uv run
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand3/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/project-1/datagen.py 23f1002104@ds.study.iitm.ac.in` : This
is the command that was executed. It appears to be using some sort of "uv"
runner to execute a Python script called `datagen.py`. * The script is being
fetched directly from a raw GitHub URL. * The URL points to a repository
`tools-in-data-science-public` owned by the user `sanand3`, which likely
contains course material for a class titled `tds-2025-01`. * The file is
`datagen.py` located in the `project-1` directory. *
`23f1002104@ds.study.iitm.ac.in` is likely some kind of student identifier or
email used by the program. **3. Error Message:** * `Reading inline script
metadata from remote URL`: Indicates the `uv` runner successfully fetched the
file. * `Traceback (most recent call last):` : This is the beginning of a
Python error traceback. * `File "/tmp/datagen2eQ208.py", line 284, in
<module>` : The error is happening within the fetched script `datagen.py`,
specifically on line 284 in the module level scope. *
`os.makedirs(config["root"], exist_ok=True)` : The line of code causing the
problem. It's attempting to create a directory (or directories) using the
`os.makedirs()` function. The path to be created is being fetched from a
dictionary named `config` using the key `"root"`. The `exist_ok=True` argument
tells `makedirs` not to raise an error if the directory already exists. *
`File "<frozen os>", line 227, in makedirs` : Shows the error originated in
the `makedirs` function of the `os` module. * `PermissionError: [Errno 13]
Permission denied: '/data'` : The core error: the script lacks permission to
create the directory `/data`. The `config["root"]` is resolving to `/data`.
**In Summary:** The Python script `datagen.py` is attempting to create a
directory called `/data`. The user running the script does not have the
necessary permissions to create directories in the root directory (`/`).
Likely the "root" value in the script's config should be either a relative
path within the user's home directory, or some location where the user has
read/write permissions. ]Screenshot 2025-02-11 1814531459×207 15.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/7/b7b024074300d61b0df1d7ebf727f9cfb8fcceae.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-11 181453")

  
Could you kindly help me with this


---
### Veer Shah (2025-02-11T15:23:49.900Z)

in checking for the task of json my code is outputting json with double quotes
(valid json) and evaluate.py has exact same json but with single quotes , what
should I do?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-11T15:26:23.894Z)

check out my repo and download the datagen and evaluate file for testing


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-11T15:27:01.472Z)

it should work, use fastapi text response when /read api


---
### Maheshwar Ture (2025-02-11T16:22:42.078Z)

Has anyone used a local LLM for testing? If so, could you please share the
request URL and the request body format? I attempted to use a local LLM, but I
was unable to succeed


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-11T17:07:07.884Z)

use ollama it is openai api compatible, supports function calling without json
schema for tool usage. Check it out


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-11T18:04:05.195Z)

NEED HELP. CAN SOMEONE CONTACT OLLAMA AND ASK THEM TO CHECK THEIR CODE ITS HAS
SOME SILLY MISTAKES IN CODE EXAMPLES. I DONT KNOW HOW TO DO IT.

[LINK TO PAGE WITH CODE EXAMPLE](https://ollama.com/blog/embedding-models)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text and relevant features: **Overall Structure:** The image
presents a code snippet, likely from a Python program, that demonstrates how
to store documents in a vector embedding database and retrieve relevant
documents based on a user prompt. It is divided into two parts: "Step 1"
(storage) and "Step 2: Retrieve". **Step 1: Storing Documents in a Vector
Embedding Database** * **Code Snippet:** * Begins with a comment: `# store
each document in a vector embedding database` * Uses a `for` loop along with
`enumerate(documents)` to iterate through a collection of documents. This
suggests the 'documents' variable is a list or similar iterable of text
documents. * `response = ollama.embed(model="mxbai-embed-large", input=d)`:
This line uses a function called `ollama.embed` to generate embeddings for
each document (`d`). It uses the "mxbai-embed-large" model. * `embeddings =
response["embeddings"]`: This line extracts the generated embeddings from the
response of the `ollama.embed` function. It assumes the response has a key
named "embeddings". * `collection.add(...)`: Adds the document to the database
(named `collection`). It takes `ids`, `embeddings`, and `documents` as
arguments. * `ids=[str(i)]`: Assigns a unique identifier to each document. *
`embeddings=embeddings`: Passes the generated embeddings for each document. *
`documents=[d]`: Passes the original document as well. **Step 2: Retrieving
Documents** * **Title:** "Step 2: Retrieve" * **Description:** "Next, add the
code to retrieve the most relevant document given an example prompt:" * **Code
Snippet:** * `# an example input`: A comment indicating an example prompt is
defined below. * `input = "What animals are llamas related to?"`: This is the
example search query. * `# generate an embedding for the input and retrieve
the most relevant doc`: A comment indicating the purpose of the following
code. * `response = ollama.embed(model="mxbai-embed-large", input=prompt)`:
Generates an embedding for the user's input prompt using the same "mxbai-
embed-large" model. * `results =
collection.query(query_embeddings=[response["embedding"]], n_results=1)`: This
line queries the vector database (`collection`) to find the most similar
document. It uses the embedding of the user's input (`response["embedding"]`)
to search and requests only one result (`n_results=1`). * `data =
results['documents'][0][0]`: Extracts the content of the retrieved document
from the query results. **Key Observations:** * **Vector Embeddings:** The
code focuses on vector embeddings, a method of representing text as numerical
vectors to capture semantic meaning. * **Ollama:** Uses a library or module
called `ollama` to generate text embeddings. * **Collection:** Uses an object
named `collection`, which is likely an object from a vector database library
that stores documents and their embeddings. * **Similarity Search:** The code
performs a similarity search in the vector space to find the document that
best matches the input prompt. In summary, the image presents code for
creating and querying a vector database to retrieve relevant documents based
on a user-provided text query. ]Screenshot 2025-02-11 232608919×714 22.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/7/27adf05313946c445fec614cd1fd17ba6c1f4cde.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-11 232608")

  
  
  
  
correct code in step 2 collection query step

    
    
    response = ollama.embed(
      model="nomic-embed-text:latest",
      input=task
    )
    results = collection.query(
      query_embeddings=response["embeddings"], #here embeddings and also not list of list as response embeddings already gives correct format
      n_results=1
    )
    data = results['documents'][0][0]
    

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Aishik Bandyopadhyay (2025-02-11T19:51:59.902Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

While implementing the Phase B tasks, can I take the data (csv file, git repo,
audio, sqlite/duckdb database, website, image and markdown file) of my choice
and perform any operation on them as long as they meet the critetia mentioned
in the Phase B task list? Please guide.


---
### Aishik Bandyopadhyay (2025-02-11T20:29:08.345Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

In the Task B5, where we have to run an SQL query on a sqlite or duckdb
database, should I create a database on my own and then take the query to be
ran on it as an argument? Or should I take the query as an argument and run it
on the ticker_sales.db in ./data folder? Please guide


---
### Mayank Mehta (2025-02-11T21:56:07.834Z)

same issue on my side as well


---
### Mayank Mehta (2025-02-11T22:23:51.126Z)

on using the AIPROXY_TOKEN from here <https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/>

getting this error :

Error: Your authentication token is not from a valid issuer.

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) please help!


---
### Yogesh (2025-02-12T00:20:25.124Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Can the link to the live session
(for project) be provided?


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-12T00:57:04.758Z)

As in the previous session for task a1 we use llm just to get the url and
email , so after retriving the both arguments can i use them in a function and
got the work given in work done in function.  
Also, am i correct that we use llm only to retrive url or location ??

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-12T01:27:51.130Z)

Anyone whom have done have done any one task of phase a and one task of phase
b, please help…


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-12T01:47:54.869Z)

Can you do one task from each phase in today’s session. Please
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Maheshwar Ture (2025-02-12T02:13:05.286Z)

thanks for the reply I will check


---
### Shreyan Chaubey (2025-02-12T03:29:46.481Z)

TDS project :x: Tedious project :white_check_mark:


---
### Anvitha (2025-02-12T05:12:14.328Z)

can anyone share the link of yesterdays live session if there in youtube


---
### NK (2025-02-12T05:16:06.451Z)

Its updated in the TDS live sessions playlist

[ [Image description: Here is a description of the image: The image features a
colorful, stylized illustration in a rectangular format. The background
consists of an arrangement of various icons and graphics related to data,
technology, and creativity. These icons include charts, graphs, a globe,
interconnected circuits, pencils, and geometrical shapes, all rendered in a
flat, vector-style design with a limited color palette. Overlaid on this
illustrated background is a solid, dark blue rectangle with rounded corners.
Within this rectangle, the text "WEEK 5" and "SESSION 1" are prominently
displayed in large, bold, white letters. This text is centered and stacked,
indicating that the image is likely associated with a series of sessions or
lessons within a larger timeframe. The overall aesthetic is modern and
playful, suggesting a theme of learning, innovation, or data analysis. The
design elements indicate the image could be part of a presentation,
educational material, or promotional graphic related to a specific session in
a weekly program. ] ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXj6bqy4R4c)


---
### Adithya S (2025-02-12T06:27:17.724Z)

_For task A2_ :

  * **A2**. Format the contents of `/data/format.md` using `prettier@3.4.2`, updating the file in-place

I am getting the following error:  
`🔴 A2 failed: Command '['npx', 'prettier@3.4.2', '--stdin-filepath',
'/data/format.md']' returned non-zero exit status 1.`

However, running a **POST request** to
<https://localhost:8000/run?task=Format+/data/format.md+with+prettier+3.4.2>
gives successful output.

`{"success":true,"message":"Formatted and verified successfully!"}% `

Here is my code snippet:

    
    
    def format_file(filepath):
        while True:  # Loop until formatting and verification pass
            try:
                result = subprocess.run(
                    ["npx", "prettier@3.4.2", "--write", filepath],
                    check=False,  # Don't raise exception automatically
                    capture_output=True,
                    text=True
                )
    
                if result.returncode != 0:
                    return {"success": False, "message": f"Prettier write failed: {result.stderr}"}
    
                if verify_prettier_formatting(filepath):
                    return {"success": True, "message": "Formatted and verified successfully!"}
                else:
                    logging.info("Verification failed. Retrying formatting...") #Log the retry
                    # If verification fails, the loop continues and prettier --write is executed again.
    
            except Exception as e:
                return {"success": False, "message": str(e)}
    
    def verify_prettier_formatting(filepath):
        try:
            subprocess.run(["npx", "prettier@3.4.2", "--check", filepath], check=True, capture_output=True, text=True) #Capture output
            return True  # File is formatted correctly
        except subprocess.CalledProcessError as e:
            logging.error(f"Prettier check failed: {e.stderr}") # Log the error from prettier check
            return False  # File is not formatted correctly
    

What am I missing here?


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-02-12T07:05:33.610Z)

I am getting the same error. Did you find any solution?


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-12T07:08:29.395Z)

Has anyone succeeded in the extraction of credit cards details task? The LLM
seems to consider it as illegal task and if I use pytessaract the docker image
size will become really large. What to do in this case?

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-02-12T07:12:02.257Z)

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj),

I followed what you taught in Feb 11 session and tried implementing task A1.
My understanding is once i run the subprocess, datagen.py file should be run
and /data folder should be created in the project folder. But it is not
happening to me. I am getting the following error

    
    
    Traceback (most recent call last):
      File "/var/folders/rj/z_3b8hl51558519w90k5hp600000gn/T/datagen4COEF3.py", line 284, in <module>
        os.makedirs(config["root"], exist_ok=True)
        ~~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
      File "<frozen os>", line 227, in makedirs
    OSError: [Errno 30] Read-only file system: '/data'
    

If i can’t automate this process, i don’t see the point writing code for other
tasks. Can anyone help me solving this error?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-12T07:22:31.307Z)

shell = true in evaluate.py, remove it meaning comment it out, task a2 thats
causing the error


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-12T07:25:19.252Z)

the admin banned me from using laughing emoji [@jkmadathil](/u/jkmadathil)


---
### Joel Jeffrey (2025-02-12T08:44:41.379Z)

For task A6,

> HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/docs/index.json>
> “HTTP/1.1 200 OK”
    
    
    ⚠️ EXPECTED:
    {'by/perhaps.md': 'Base relationship identify mean happy Mrs whatever.', 'by/they.md': 'Unit its thank half morning determine development place.', 'by/culture.md': 'Prevent north only miss cold.', 'by/region.md': 'Claim card from receive alone you capital book.', 'by/draw.md': 'Shoulder class six finally build call note bring.', 'by/family.md': 'Debate at office traditional stop great.', 'by/defense.md': 'Marriage million crime organization give over.', 'by/treat.md': 'Themselves young course feel.', 'by/little.md': 'Break somebody whose set else history.', 'by/color.md': 'Soon address everyone computer against.', 'daughter/seek.md': 'Throughout growth history save.', 'daughter/bar.md': 'Among ago cover good.', 'daughter/business.md': 'Alone idea security behavior.', 'daughter/poor.md': 'Possible leave him up bag will.', 'daughter/story.md': 'Anything song key first.', 'daughter/product.md': 'Social stand administration challenge personal.', 'daughter/check.md': 'Young prevent play follow.', 'daughter/put.md': 'Doctor eat should add pull customer might.', 'daughter/whose.md': 'Program writer interesting prepare authority skill.', 'daughter/professor.md': 'Effect ahead eye serve single.', 'drop/manage.md': 'Allow expect heavy quality.', 'drop/mission.md': 'Ready kind only meeting.', 'drop/arrive.md': 'Education science car common husband economy.', 'drop/main.md': 'Education left somebody.', 'drop/of.md': 'Write room national change.', 'drop/through.md': 'Adult large protect agency whom magazine behind.', 'drop/former.md': 'Brother college detail.', 'drop/add.md': 'Fish work to individual.', 'drop/from.md': 'Though important executive Democrat smile.', 'drop/else.md': 'Fly candidate may so college.', 'civil/door.md': 'Can choice spring alone ball spend half.', 'civil/ready.md': 'Central about ready information.', 'civil/deep.md': 'Thought charge team type tonight maybe.', 'civil/hand.md': 'Discussion itself in far station head phone.', 'civil/question.md': 'Family evening its degree.', 'civil/argue.md': 'Line culture seven six.', 'civil/gas.md': 'Talk why around necessary.', 'civil/life.md': 'Concern decide better whom.', 'civil/culture.md': 'National could exactly well discuss candidate especially sport.', 'civil/central.md': 'Believe region their our whatever.', 'standard/easy.md': 'Myself must detail win.', 'standard/sound.md': 'Night national film next.', 'standard/five.md': 'Lay would green generation season.', 'standard/audience.md': 'Finally remain actually toward purpose bad.', 'standard/hear.md': 'Poor budget agent artist.', 'standard/with.md': 'Former writer cause pattern school answer.', 'standard/standard.md': 'Do number shoulder animal yourself.', 'standard/late.md': 'Scientist people may story.', 'standard/level.md': 'Work around ask to.', 'standard/analysis.md': 'While natural from staff option artist can.', 'few/choose.md': 'Official travel although price message example indeed.', 'few/sometimes.md': 'Big order defense field represent.', 'few/weight.md': 'Man mission American.', 'few/expect.md': 'Bill well artist night rule bag.', 'few/my.md': 'Open line address contain whole impact into front.', 'few/store.md': 'Hand thought example exist record practice though.', 'few/prove.md': 'Opportunity foot agent herself save other become study.', 'few/southern.md': 'Meet prove admit.', 'few/theory.md': 'Security effort protect future task long close.', 'few/information.md': 'Really morning yeah.', 'community/up.md': 'Final all commercial anything term begin cultural.', 'community/save.md': 'Thought hear home set employee early purpose.', 'community/stay.md': 'Military teach subject cold affect shake.', 'community/book.md': 'Mr oil difficult dog.', 'community/woman.md': 'Big might attorney organization less drop.', 'community/cold.md': 'Election buy member alone school audience.', 'community/else.md': 'Actually service thank state.', 'community/left.md': 'Picture let tell never.', 'community/soldier.md': 'It lawyer cover job.', 'Congress/let.md': 'Bank ability actually outside.', 'Congress/whatever.md': 'Today catch analysis.', 'Congress/remain.md': 'But natural film discussion among whole.', 'Congress/democratic.md': 'Research knowledge owner Mr whole money cup.', 'Congress/which.md': 'Partner score fast herself character minute.', 'Congress/accept.md': 'Expert plant institution relate old research position I.', 'Congress/produce.md': 'Land do heart watch which many.', 'Congress/task.md': 'Book help represent now.', 'Congress/fish.md': 'Herself share yourself movie behind whom check.', 'Congress/remember.md': 'Purpose good policy line trade.', 'ten/rock.md': 'Method wall when book agency.', 'ten/sea.md': 'Trial heart office dark fine everything suggest.', 'ten/simply.md': 'Congress way enjoy hand first.', 'ten/someone.md': 'Themselves hair together maybe yes never.', 'ten/nature.md': 'Eight own hot first success.', 'ten/page.md': 'Edge to window size stand sea.', 'ten/pull.md': 'Factor list try able pattern.', 'ten/international.md': 'Food style wait tend improve.', 'ten/time.md': 'Note center brother process big.', 'ten/serve.md': 'Want exist bank book.', 'live/leader.md': 'Hold garden imagine style water ready several.', 'live/white.md': 'Whatever significant capital air about.', 'live/democratic.md': 'Reach rate none thank key after.', 'live/traditional.md': 'If participant be year how may.', 'live/focus.md': 'Western win tree kid radio however value.', 'live/own.md': 'Say small finish sing raise.', 'live/so.md': 'Type look identify spend drop sit skin heart.', 'live/possible.md': 'Window help reflect when consider science.', 'live/discuss.md': 'Hit result find miss culture heart clear task.'}
    
    
    
    ⚠️ RESULT:
    {'suddenly/mouth.md': 'Outside food subject positive human.', 'suddenly/add.md': 'Window word during born do finally.', 'suddenly/free.md': 'Them ball significant different which traditional.', 'suddenly/management.md': 'Man fire long hour modern.', 'suddenly/leave.md': 'Season people Democrat hand among too.', 'suddenly/low.md': 'Front actually decision security fast song believe leg.', 'suddenly/why.md': 'Account listen such day method sing.', 'suddenly/miss.md': 'Rather although team thank.', 'suddenly/base.md': 'Total low room structure staff.', 'suddenly/strategy.md': 'Never understand less operation onto still trade environment.', 'ground/girl.md': 'Civil speech back sell.', 'ground/game.md': 'Fill whose card or daughter old meet.', 'ground/term.md': 'Pick return put set.', 'ground/every.md': 'Free service trouble effort somebody blood modern.', 'ground/along.md': 'Important plant increase door much.', 'ground/call.md': 'Article agent three scientist.', 'ground/do.md': 'Memory food strategy meeting.', 'ground/end.md': 'Large player discussion similar prove part.', 'ground/full.md': 'Actually start commercial.', 'ground/ever.md': 'Human example gun now my just Republican.', 'way/not.md': 'Decision together land chair.', 'way/morning.md': 'Information later service raise after trial base.', 'way/responsibility.md': 'Our child why environment care goal.', 'way/increase.md': 'Return say response political.', 'way/relationship.md': 'General view thing poor machine market peace.', 'way/soldier.md': 'Produce table should will school produce player wall.', 'way/act.md': 'Smile guess simple read style its international.', 'way/sound.md': 'Conference first finally recognize as.', 'way/reach.md': 'Exactly size discuss management miss article.', 'way/hotel.md': 'From become actually.', 'hit/run.md': 'Stock several region put thought decade evening.', 'hit/free.md': 'Crime usually produce.', 'hit/foot.md': 'Ball specific trip state.', 'hit/ball.md': 'Condition color focus traditional.', 'hit/song.md': 'Section environmental final light word in yes operation.', 'hit/since.md': 'Shoulder wrong matter seek cultural vote themselves.', 'hit/safe.md': 'Hear try spend item can along light.', 'hit/much.md': 'Guess great dream through concern feel.', 'hit/prove.md': 'Her base cup forward.', 'hit/stop.md': 'Nation this avoid herself deal place memory.', 'few/sometimes.md': 'Big order defense field represent.', 'few/southern.md': 'Meet prove admit.', 'few/choose.md': 'Official travel although price message example indeed.', 'few/store.md': 'Hand thought example exist record practice though.', 'few/weight.md': 'Man mission American.', 'few/information.md': 'Really morning yeah.', 'few/prove.md': 'Opportunity foot agent herself save other become study.', 'few/expect.md': 'Bill well artist night rule bag.', 'few/theory.md': 'Security effort protect future task long close.', 'few/my.md': 'Open line address contain whole impact into front.', 'resource/rest.md': 'Ok tough talk.', 'resource/move.md': 'Law write democratic drug itself house accept through.', 'resource/particularly.md': 'Affect woman nice.', 'resource/entire.md': 'Focus to once sea friend group.', 'resource/painting.md': 'Customer environment none trade.', 'resource/structure.md': 'Stuff return protect our bit reality.', 'resource/until.md': 'Growth industry region receive.', 'resource/significant.md': 'Long million fall throughout government tend.', 'resource/hospital.md': 'Quality certain fight want much body between.', 'resource/marriage.md': 'Foot specific mission.', 'for/hope.md': 'Whatever report wife fly close lot student.', 'for/poor.md': 'Explain claim police eye paper much when.', 'for/assume.md': 'Control yeah effect local economy worry.', 'for/couple.md': 'Floor both take indeed audience.', 'for/money.md': 'Join live next care material.', 'for/never.md': 'Me natural full.', 'for/situation.md': 'Show book instead hope lawyer.', 'for/north.md': 'Card level kind send loss growth.', 'for/hit.md': 'Minute wish above pass just later watch.', 'for/perhaps.md': 'Every professor sport unit rock bed.', 'project/individual.md': 'Tough safe machine small outside mention could must.', 'project/change.md': 'Century drug value.', 'project/home.md': 'Big decade edge feeling surface matter force student.', 'project/want.md': 'Region catch nation civil one Mr specific.', 'project/something.md': 'Major control three.', 'project/reality.md': 'Mouth including fine.', 'project/my.md': 'Fire point or success marriage write example.', 'project/issue.md': 'Former true career similar use visit machine.', 'project/surface.md': 'Cold reduce task life American act stage.', 'project/drug.md': 'Reason still field animal.', 'effort/morning.md': 'Policy quickly get capital smile.', 'effort/he.md': 'Thought view product interview explain.', 'effort/house.md': 'High hear thought according.', 'effort/church.md': 'Culture ask change focus.', 'effort/effect.md': 'Before suddenly who student could boy serve.', 'effort/price.md': 'Shoulder financial public reason home explain safe.', 'effort/company.md': 'Exactly treatment concern fly factor care drive.', 'effort/international.md': 'Rich take hear open.', 'effort/federal.md': 'Difference rate character by his blood this.', 'effort/computer.md': 'Lay financial article exactly.', 'by/region.md': 'Claim card from receive alone you capital book.', 'by/they.md': 'Unit its thank half morning determine development place.', 'by/defense.md': 'Marriage million crime organization give over.', 'by/draw.md': 'Shoulder class six finally build call note bring.', 'by/culture.md': 'Prevent north only miss cold.', 'by/family.md': 'Debate at office traditional stop great.', 'by/treat.md': 'Themselves young course feel.', 'by/little.md': 'Break somebody whose set else history.', 'by/color.md': 'Soon address everyone computer against.', 'by/perhaps.md': 'Base relationship identify mean happy Mrs whatever.', 'bill/appear.md': 'Whole senior next stop yard national section.', 'bill/room.md': 'Able improve anything teacher media writer employee.', 'bill/citizen.md': 'Safe anyone major reach mother ground over leave.', 'bill/for.md': 'A several low detail.', 'bill/role.md': 'More light anything study hand power.', 'bill/set.md': 'Necessary century drive attack capital.', 'bill/generation.md': 'Stay could quality shake.', 'bill/drive.md': 'Situation we his.', 'bill/computer.md': 'Culture ahead change perhaps however audience.', 'bill/gas.md': 'Reveal attack and church.', 'color/sell.md': 'Mention although while boy turn.', 'color/throughout.md': 'She actually gun start.', 'color/management.md': 'Short serve beat increase than visit.', 'color/smile.md': 'His season employee husband.', 'color/wear.md': 'Share green measure sometimes.', 'color/official.md': 'Suddenly seat tend thus office action move.', 'color/admit.md': 'Each important clear.', 'color/treat.md': 'Tv outside attorney rich say same environment.', 'color/turn.md': 'Try drop old along.', 'color/sit.md': 'Including turn seem none computer.', 'build/together.md': 'Finally point only police artist.', 'build/rest.md': 'Author run let.', 'build/wall.md': 'Administration a week form side feeling.', 'build/none.md': 'Commercial stop page else.', 'build/explain.md': 'Join tend idea stand not option woman.', 'build/decision.md': 'Poor fund interesting bring.', 'build/beyond.md': 'Artist billion begin record anything none management practice.', 'build/dream.md': 'Decision suddenly prevent speak old power herself.', 'build/each.md': 'Able out key.', 'build/street.md': 'Knowledge specific technology before leave.', 'wrong/market.md': 'Realize key point whatever Democrat or say.', 'wrong/free.md': 'Deal even from mouth source.', 'wrong/sure.md': 'Similar him believe actually.', 'wrong/apply.md': 'Everybody office list service stock significant.', 'wrong/share.md': 'Painting every apply.', 'wrong/standard.md': 'Already place fund really.', 'wrong/might.md': 'Possible during claim view.', 'wrong/nation.md': 'About prove cold question race.', 'wrong/be.md': 'Land debate natural American.', 'wrong/suggest.md': 'Could environmental rather can us night.', 'Congress/remember.md': 'Purpose good policy line trade.', 'Congress/let.md': 'Bank ability actually outside.', 'Congress/produce.md': 'Land do heart watch which many.', 'Congress/task.md': 'Book help represent now.', 'Congress/which.md': 'Partner score fast herself character minute.', 'Congress/democratic.md': 'Research knowledge owner Mr whole money cup.', 'Congress/accept.md': 'Expert plant institution relate old research position I.', 'Congress/remain.md': 'But natural film discussion among whole.', 'Congress/whatever.md': 'Today catch analysis.', 'Congress/fish.md': 'Herself share yourself movie behind whom check.', 'industry/wrong.md': 'Floor race land those hard actually avoid property.', 'industry/book.md': 'Together state billion race beautiful how.', 'industry/car.md': 'Heart central eye thought painting government appear.', 'industry/cause.md': 'Time religious describe oil heart.', 'industry/feeling.md': 'Include memory strategy other statement imagine teach.', 'industry/small.md': 'Little third your season kind.', 'industry/heavy.md': 'Quality international window probably adult attention.', 'industry/election.md': 'Democrat often turn.', 'industry/possible.md': 'Structure high discover half dog half forward.', 'industry/fish.md': 'Much without in fight miss.', 'live/white.md': 'Whatever significant capital air about.', 'live/discuss.md': 'Hit result find miss culture heart clear task.', 'live/traditional.md': 'If participant be year how may.', 'live/focus.md': 'Western win tree kid radio however value.', 'live/democratic.md': 'Reach rate none thank key after.', 'live/so.md': 'Type look identify spend drop sit skin heart.', 'live/possible.md': 'Window help reflect when consider science.', 'live/leader.md': 'Hold garden imagine style water ready several.', 'live/own.md': 'Say small finish sing raise.', 'lot/seat.md': 'Method institution third political.', 'lot/wall.md': 'Each feel program size different kid.', 'lot/worry.md': 'Support moment maintain majority American rule rock.', 'lot/improve.md': 'Reason better difficult take.', 'lot/heart.md': 'Make let way.', 'lot/modern.md': 'Example first recently let.', 'lot/make.md': 'First eat data executive.', 'lot/check.md': 'Wall artist recent side approach.', 'lot/hotel.md': 'Technology town film nothing writer head from.', 'lot/perhaps.md': 'Main manage authority serious short.', 'drop/add.md': 'Fish work to individual.', 'drop/mission.md': 'Ready kind only meeting.', 'drop/main.md': 'Education left somebody.', 'drop/of.md': 'Write room national change.', 'drop/else.md': 'Fly candidate may so college.', 'drop/manage.md': 'Allow expect heavy quality.', 'drop/arrive.md': 'Education science car common husband economy.', 'drop/former.md': 'Brother college detail.', 'drop/from.md': 'Though important executive Democrat smile.', 'drop/through.md': 'Adult large protect agency whom magazine behind.', 'central/several.md': 'Appear talk administration sort.', 'central/them.md': 'Unit huge call.', 'central/often.md': 'For nice after analysis series.', 'central/before.md': 'Account vote off police since.', 'central/commercial.md': 'Address country last teacher game compare.', 'central/these.md': 'Feeling rate first national.', 'central/tough.md': 'Party single media process statement forget.', 'central/crime.md': 'Hotel we five blue lawyer argue.', 'central/less.md': 'Guess environmental cover three late.', 'central/nice.md': 'Those religious audience case those.', 'civil/argue.md': 'Line culture seven six.', 'civil/life.md': 'Concern decide better whom.', 'civil/culture.md': 'National could exactly well discuss candidate especially sport.', 'civil/ready.md': 'Central about ready information.', 'civil/door.md': 'Can choice spring alone ball spend half.', 'civil/deep.md': 'Thought charge team type tonight maybe.', 'civil/question.md': 'Family evening its degree.', 'civil/gas.md': 'Talk why around necessary.', 'civil/hand.md': 'Discussion itself in far station head phone.', 'civil/central.md': 'Believe region their our whatever.', 'friend/oil.md': 'Little someone story put hundred able.', 'friend/discover.md': 'Someone city idea.', 'friend/month.md': 'Race walk people its Democrat sound.', 'friend/alone.md': 'Suffer concern choose participant work.', 'friend/myself.md': 'Truth simply memory alone plant large.', 'friend/note.md': 'Word end size enough.', 'friend/large.md': 'Tough glass per.', 'friend/wife.md': 'Sea investment many difference keep like improve.', 'friend/allow.md': 'Become personal own behavior sport.', 'friend/hand.md': 'Nation yourself final ground thus follow.', 'standard/late.md': 'Scientist people may story.', 'standard/audience.md': 'Finally remain actually toward purpose bad.', 'standard/level.md': 'Work around ask to.', 'standard/hear.md': 'Poor budget agent artist.', 'standard/sound.md': 'Night national film next.', 'standard/with.md': 'Former writer cause pattern school answer.', 'standard/standard.md': 'Do number shoulder animal yourself.', 'standard/easy.md': 'Myself must detail win.', 'standard/five.md': 'Lay would green generation season.', 'standard/analysis.md': 'While natural from staff option artist can.', 'community/book.md': 'Mr oil difficult dog.', 'community/else.md': 'Actually service thank state.', 'community/soldier.md': 'It lawyer cover job.', 'community/stay.md': 'Military teach subject cold affect shake.', 'community/cold.md': 'Election buy member alone school audience.', 'community/left.md': 'Picture let tell never.', 'community/up.md': 'Final all commercial anything term begin cultural.', 'community/woman.md': 'Big might attorney organization less drop.', 'community/save.md': 'Thought hear home set employee early purpose.', 'daughter/whose.md': 'Program writer interesting prepare authority skill.', 'daughter/seek.md': 'Throughout growth history save.', 'daughter/poor.md': 'Possible leave him up bag will.', 'daughter/product.md': 'Social stand administration challenge personal.', 'daughter/story.md': 'Anything song key first.', 'daughter/professor.md': 'Effect ahead eye serve single.', 'daughter/check.md': 'Young prevent play follow.', 'daughter/business.md': 'Alone idea security behavior.', 'daughter/put.md': 'Doctor eat should add pull customer might.', 'daughter/bar.md': 'Among ago cover good.', 'education/evening.md': 'Give tonight sell over whole word care.', 'education/body.md': 'Note start bad part positive during.', 'education/total.md': 'Contain hit individual college month.', 'education/nature.md': 'Skin look fine policy special part.', 'education/really.md': 'Difference beyond cost but.', 'education/reason.md': 'Wrong increase investment deep near simply spring.', 'education/blood.md': 'North smile know.', 'education/imagine.md': 'Summer keep conference.', 'education/fish.md': 'Answer impact sense professor gun fast me.', 'education/article.md': 'Usually could bad attack customer couple represent.', 'lead/rest.md': 'Address half hit.', 'lead/speech.md': 'Maintain prepare indicate production surface.', 'lead/become.md': 'Building plant air something direction fall provide.', 'lead/stage.md': 'View main when Republican father plant.', 'lead/under.md': 'Test next education series.', 'lead/adult.md': 'Rule others especially institution total what law.', 'lead/which.md': 'Far task service radio reach morning accept.', 'lead/phone.md': 'Unit good including show stand.', 'lead/would.md': 'President still follow race analysis opportunity.', 'lead/trade.md': 'Success whatever environmental avoid father how although may.', 'why/show.md': 'Decade station development character movement.', 'why/data.md': 'Itself feeling fund mean.', 'why/more.md': 'Address music fish team national tough.', 'why/debate.md': 'Meeting wind medical can city face cost.', 'why/something.md': 'Everybody bed economic own least peace executive.', 'why/most.md': 'Agreement station room name.', 'why/spring.md': 'Fine according mission against.', 'why/phone.md': 'By near next teacher be degree although.', 'why/full.md': 'Yard like phone catch on attention your.', 'why/stuff.md': 'Cup everybody open book he decade.', 'ten/pull.md': 'Factor list try able pattern.', 'ten/serve.md': 'Want exist bank book.', 'ten/nature.md': 'Eight own hot first success.', 'ten/sea.md': 'Trial heart office dark fine everything suggest.', 'ten/page.md': 'Edge to window size stand sea.', 'ten/someone.md': 'Themselves hair together maybe yes never.', 'ten/international.md': 'Food style wait tend improve.', 'ten/time.md': 'Note center brother process big.', 'ten/simply.md': 'Congress way enjoy hand first.', 'ten/rock.md': 'Method wall when book agency.', 'rule/hear.md': 'History event character everybody paper machine little billion.', 'rule/thing.md': 'Trial produce despite water range television.', 'rule/feel.md': 'Soon give never future difference.', 'rule/system.md': 'Bill article station despite.', 'rule/produce.md': 'Yes method sense.', 'rule/eye.md': 'Finally this team yet throughout.', 'rule/nation.md': 'Radio entire ago behavior prevent response ten according.', 'rule/thousand.md': 'Anything help military with run.', 'rule/goal.md': 'Inside firm without.', 'rule/perhaps.md': 'Back election leave.'}
    

If I am not wrong, both the expected and actual result contain the same
entries. It is just that the ordering is different. The expected result also
doesnt follow any particular format (so does the actual result).

Kindly advise on this [@carlton](/u/carlton)

**EDIT** : Resolved on a later evaluation


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-12T08:55:40.171Z)

For the task - * **B10**. Write an API endpoint that filters a CSV file and
returns JSON data

Do we have to handle prompts for converting CSV to JSON or for writing an
endpoint for doing so?

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-02-12T09:04:36.688Z)

yeah i am also facing the same doubt


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-12T09:04:54.804Z)

+1…  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-12T09:36:12.326Z)

could someone please share their repo for reference. it would be very much
helpful


---
### Shaurya Sharad Shukla (2025-02-12T09:38:35.778Z)

Dear Instructors ([@carlton](/u/carlton), [@iamprasna](/u/iamprasna)):

Confirming, just to be needfully pedantic:

It will **solely** be the responsibility of the Project Evaluator (human or
machine) to parse the correct `AIPROXY_TOKEN` generated against my IITM email
ID (presumably, per some database which holds all such generated
`AIPROXY_TOKEN`s of the students who have generated one); and the correct
`$IMAGE_NAME` (to-be-submitted by myself in the Project Submission Google
Form) in `podman run $IMAGE_NAME -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p
8000:8000`, correct?

Asking this seemingly obvious question, as (apparently) the actual
`AIPROXY_TOKEN` is not to be included anywhere in the code, or the repository,
or the dockerfile.


---
### Adithya S (2025-02-12T09:51:42.226Z)

I am also facing the same issue, just that the ordering is different.  
Sorting by keys also didn’t help.  
Please help on this [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### D HARICHARAN  (2025-02-12T10:36:08.869Z)

sir will the tasks of Phase A and Phase B change? like currently do we need to
make llm write the code for all tasks dynamically or can we write a pre
defined python code to execute tasks after the llm parses the task and runs
python code


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-12T10:42:34.656Z)

Check length of result and length of expected, one is 98 and other is 298

    
    
    expected = {'by/perhaps.md': 'Base relationship identify mean happy Mrs whatever.', 'by/they.md': 'Unit its thank half morning determine development place.', 'by/culture.md': 'Prevent north only miss cold.', 'by/region.md': 'Claim card from receive alone you capital book.', 'by/draw.md': 'Shoulder class six finally build call note bring.', 'by/family.md': 'Debate at office traditional stop great.', 'by/defense.md': 'Marriage million crime organization give over.', 'by/treat.md': 'Themselves young course feel.', 'by/little.md': 'Break somebody whose set else history.', 'by/color.md': 'Soon address everyone computer against.', 'daughter/seek.md': 'Throughout growth history save.', 'daughter/bar.md': 'Among ago cover good.', 'daughter/business.md': 'Alone idea security behavior.', 'daughter/poor.md': 'Possible leave him up bag will.', 'daughter/story.md': 'Anything song key first.', 'daughter/product.md': 'Social stand administration challenge personal.', 'daughter/check.md': 'Young prevent play follow.', 'daughter/put.md': 'Doctor eat should add pull customer might.', 'daughter/whose.md': 'Program writer interesting prepare authority skill.', 'daughter/professor.md': 'Effect ahead eye serve single.', 'drop/manage.md': 'Allow expect heavy quality.', 'drop/mission.md': 'Ready kind only meeting.', 'drop/arrive.md': 'Education science car common husband economy.', 'drop/main.md': 'Education left somebody.', 'drop/of.md': 'Write room national change.', 'drop/through.md': 'Adult large protect agency whom magazine behind.', 'drop/former.md': 'Brother college detail.', 'drop/add.md': 'Fish work to individual.', 'drop/from.md': 'Though important executive Democrat smile.', 'drop/else.md': 'Fly candidate may so college.', 'civil/door.md': 'Can choice spring alone ball spend half.', 'civil/ready.md': 'Central about ready information.', 'civil/deep.md': 'Thought charge team type tonight maybe.', 'civil/hand.md': 'Discussion itself in far station head phone.', 'civil/question.md': 'Family evening its degree.', 'civil/argue.md': 'Line culture seven six.', 'civil/gas.md': 'Talk why around necessary.', 'civil/life.md': 'Concern decide better whom.', 'civil/culture.md': 'National could exactly well discuss candidate especially sport.', 'civil/central.md': 'Believe region their our whatever.', 'standard/easy.md': 'Myself must detail win.', 'standard/sound.md': 'Night national film next.', 'standard/five.md': 'Lay would green generation season.', 'standard/audience.md': 'Finally remain actually toward purpose bad.', 'standard/hear.md': 'Poor budget agent artist.', 'standard/with.md': 'Former writer cause pattern school answer.', 'standard/standard.md': 'Do number shoulder animal yourself.', 'standard/late.md': 'Scientist people may story.', 'standard/level.md': 'Work around ask to.', 'standard/analysis.md': 'While natural from staff option artist can.', 'few/choose.md': 'Official travel although price message example indeed.', 'few/sometimes.md': 'Big order defense field represent.', 'few/weight.md': 'Man mission American.', 'few/expect.md': 'Bill well artist night rule bag.', 'few/my.md': 'Open line address contain whole impact into front.', 'few/store.md': 'Hand thought example exist record practice though.', 'few/prove.md': 'Opportunity foot agent herself save other become study.', 'few/southern.md': 'Meet prove admit.', 'few/theory.md': 'Security effort protect future task long close.', 'few/information.md': 'Really morning yeah.', 'community/up.md': 'Final all commercial anything term begin cultural.', 'community/save.md': 'Thought hear home set employee early purpose.', 'community/stay.md': 'Military teach subject cold affect shake.', 'community/book.md': 'Mr oil difficult dog.', 'community/woman.md': 'Big might attorney organization less drop.', 'community/cold.md': 'Election buy member alone school audience.', 'community/else.md': 'Actually service thank state.', 'community/left.md': 'Picture let tell never.', 'community/soldier.md': 'It lawyer cover job.', 'Congress/let.md': 'Bank ability actually outside.', 'Congress/whatever.md': 'Today catch analysis.', 'Congress/remain.md': 'But natural film discussion among whole.', 'Congress/democratic.md': 'Research knowledge owner Mr whole money cup.', 'Congress/which.md': 'Partner score fast herself character minute.', 'Congress/accept.md': 'Expert plant institution relate old research position I.', 'Congress/produce.md': 'Land do heart watch which many.', 'Congress/task.md': 'Book help represent now.', 'Congress/fish.md': 'Herself share yourself movie behind whom check.', 'Congress/remember.md': 'Purpose good policy line trade.', 'ten/rock.md': 'Method wall when book agency.', 'ten/sea.md': 'Trial heart office dark fine everything suggest.', 'ten/simply.md': 'Congress way enjoy hand first.', 'ten/someone.md': 'Themselves hair together maybe yes never.', 'ten/nature.md': 'Eight own hot first success.', 'ten/page.md': 'Edge to window size stand sea.', 'ten/pull.md': 'Factor list try able pattern.', 'ten/international.md': 'Food style wait tend improve.', 'ten/time.md': 'Note center brother process big.', 'ten/serve.md': 'Want exist bank book.', 'live/leader.md': 'Hold garden imagine style water ready several.', 'live/white.md': 'Whatever significant capital air about.', 'live/democratic.md': 'Reach rate none thank key after.', 'live/traditional.md': 'If participant be year how may.', 'live/focus.md': 'Western win tree kid radio however value.', 'live/own.md': 'Say small finish sing raise.', 'live/so.md': 'Type look identify spend drop sit skin heart.', 'live/possible.md': 'Window help reflect when consider science.', 'live/discuss.md': 'Hit result find miss culture heart clear task.'}
    result  = {'suddenly/mouth.md': 'Outside food subject positive human.', 'suddenly/add.md': 'Window word during born do finally.', 'suddenly/free.md': 'Them ball significant different which traditional.', 'suddenly/management.md': 'Man fire long hour modern.', 'suddenly/leave.md': 'Season people Democrat hand among too.', 'suddenly/low.md': 'Front actually decision security fast song believe leg.', 'suddenly/why.md': 'Account listen such day method sing.', 'suddenly/miss.md': 'Rather although team thank.', 'suddenly/base.md': 'Total low room structure staff.', 'suddenly/strategy.md': 'Never understand less operation onto still trade environment.', 'ground/girl.md': 'Civil speech back sell.', 'ground/game.md': 'Fill whose card or daughter old meet.', 'ground/term.md': 'Pick return put set.', 'ground/every.md': 'Free service trouble effort somebody blood modern.', 'ground/along.md': 'Important plant increase door much.', 'ground/call.md': 'Article agent three scientist.', 'ground/do.md': 'Memory food strategy meeting.', 'ground/end.md': 'Large player discussion similar prove part.', 'ground/full.md': 'Actually start commercial.', 'ground/ever.md': 'Human example gun now my just Republican.', 'way/not.md': 'Decision together land chair.', 'way/morning.md': 'Information later service raise after trial base.', 'way/responsibility.md': 'Our child why environment care goal.', 'way/increase.md': 'Return say response political.', 'way/relationship.md': 'General view thing poor machine market peace.', 'way/soldier.md': 'Produce table should will school produce player wall.', 'way/act.md': 'Smile guess simple read style its international.', 'way/sound.md': 'Conference first finally recognize as.', 'way/reach.md': 'Exactly size discuss management miss article.', 'way/hotel.md': 'From become actually.', 'hit/run.md': 'Stock several region put thought decade evening.', 'hit/free.md': 'Crime usually produce.', 'hit/foot.md': 'Ball specific trip state.', 'hit/ball.md': 'Condition color focus traditional.', 'hit/song.md': 'Section environmental final light word in yes operation.', 'hit/since.md': 'Shoulder wrong matter seek cultural vote themselves.', 'hit/safe.md': 'Hear try spend item can along light.', 'hit/much.md': 'Guess great dream through concern feel.', 'hit/prove.md': 'Her base cup forward.', 'hit/stop.md': 'Nation this avoid herself deal place memory.', 'few/sometimes.md': 'Big order defense field represent.', 'few/southern.md': 'Meet prove admit.', 'few/choose.md': 'Official travel although price message example indeed.', 'few/store.md': 'Hand thought example exist record practice though.', 'few/weight.md': 'Man mission American.', 'few/information.md': 'Really morning yeah.', 'few/prove.md': 'Opportunity foot agent herself save other become study.', 'few/expect.md': 'Bill well artist night rule bag.', 'few/theory.md': 'Security effort protect future task long close.', 'few/my.md': 'Open line address contain whole impact into front.', 'resource/rest.md': 'Ok tough talk.', 'resource/move.md': 'Law write democratic drug itself house accept through.', 'resource/particularly.md': 'Affect woman nice.', 'resource/entire.md': 'Focus to once sea friend group.', 'resource/painting.md': 'Customer environment none trade.', 'resource/structure.md': 'Stuff return protect our bit reality.', 'resource/until.md': 'Growth industry region receive.', 'resource/significant.md': 'Long million fall throughout government tend.', 'resource/hospital.md': 'Quality certain fight want much body between.', 'resource/marriage.md': 'Foot specific mission.', 'for/hope.md': 'Whatever report wife fly close lot student.', 'for/poor.md': 'Explain claim police eye paper much when.', 'for/assume.md': 'Control yeah effect local economy worry.', 'for/couple.md': 'Floor both take indeed audience.', 'for/money.md': 'Join live next care material.', 'for/never.md': 'Me natural full.', 'for/situation.md': 'Show book instead hope lawyer.', 'for/north.md': 'Card level kind send loss growth.', 'for/hit.md': 'Minute wish above pass just later watch.', 'for/perhaps.md': 'Every professor sport unit rock bed.', 'project/individual.md': 'Tough safe machine small outside mention could must.', 'project/change.md': 'Century drug value.', 'project/home.md': 'Big decade edge feeling surface matter force student.', 'project/want.md': 'Region catch nation civil one Mr specific.', 'project/something.md': 'Major control three.', 'project/reality.md': 'Mouth including fine.', 'project/my.md': 'Fire point or success marriage write example.', 'project/issue.md': 'Former true career similar use visit machine.', 'project/surface.md': 'Cold reduce task life American act stage.', 'project/drug.md': 'Reason still field animal.', 'effort/morning.md': 'Policy quickly get capital smile.', 'effort/he.md': 'Thought view product interview explain.', 'effort/house.md': 'High hear thought according.', 'effort/church.md': 'Culture ask change focus.', 'effort/effect.md': 'Before suddenly who student could boy serve.', 'effort/price.md': 'Shoulder financial public reason home explain safe.', 'effort/company.md': 'Exactly treatment concern fly factor care drive.', 'effort/international.md': 'Rich take hear open.', 'effort/federal.md': 'Difference rate character by his blood this.', 'effort/computer.md': 'Lay financial article exactly.', 'by/region.md': 'Claim card from receive alone you capital book.', 'by/they.md': 'Unit its thank half morning determine development place.', 'by/defense.md': 'Marriage million crime organization give over.', 'by/draw.md': 'Shoulder class six finally build call note bring.', 'by/culture.md': 'Prevent north only miss cold.', 'by/family.md': 'Debate at office traditional stop great.', 'by/treat.md': 'Themselves young course feel.', 'by/little.md': 'Break somebody whose set else history.', 'by/color.md': 'Soon address everyone computer against.', 'by/perhaps.md': 'Base relationship identify mean happy Mrs whatever.', 'bill/appear.md': 'Whole senior next stop yard national section.', 'bill/room.md': 'Able improve anything teacher media writer employee.', 'bill/citizen.md': 'Safe anyone major reach mother ground over leave.', 'bill/for.md': 'A several low detail.', 'bill/role.md': 'More light anything study hand power.', 'bill/set.md': 'Necessary century drive attack capital.', 'bill/generation.md': 'Stay could quality shake.', 'bill/drive.md': 'Situation we his.', 'bill/computer.md': 'Culture ahead change perhaps however audience.', 'bill/gas.md': 'Reveal attack and church.', 'color/sell.md': 'Mention although while boy turn.', 'color/throughout.md': 'She actually gun start.', 'color/management.md': 'Short serve beat increase than visit.', 'color/smile.md': 'His season employee husband.', 'color/wear.md': 'Share green measure sometimes.', 'color/official.md': 'Suddenly seat tend thus office action move.', 'color/admit.md': 'Each important clear.', 'color/treat.md': 'Tv outside attorney rich say same environment.', 'color/turn.md': 'Try drop old along.', 'color/sit.md': 'Including turn seem none computer.', 'build/together.md': 'Finally point only police artist.', 'build/rest.md': 'Author run let.', 'build/wall.md': 'Administration a week form side feeling.', 'build/none.md': 'Commercial stop page else.', 'build/explain.md': 'Join tend idea stand not option woman.', 'build/decision.md': 'Poor fund interesting bring.', 'build/beyond.md': 'Artist billion begin record anything none management practice.', 'build/dream.md': 'Decision suddenly prevent speak old power herself.', 'build/each.md': 'Able out key.', 'build/street.md': 'Knowledge specific technology before leave.', 'wrong/market.md': 'Realize key point whatever Democrat or say.', 'wrong/free.md': 'Deal even from mouth source.', 'wrong/sure.md': 'Similar him believe actually.', 'wrong/apply.md': 'Everybody office list service stock significant.', 'wrong/share.md': 'Painting every apply.', 'wrong/standard.md': 'Already place fund really.', 'wrong/might.md': 'Possible during claim view.', 'wrong/nation.md': 'About prove cold question race.', 'wrong/be.md': 'Land debate natural American.', 'wrong/suggest.md': 'Could environmental rather can us night.', 'Congress/remember.md': 'Purpose good policy line trade.', 'Congress/let.md': 'Bank ability actually outside.', 'Congress/produce.md': 'Land do heart watch which many.', 'Congress/task.md': 'Book help represent now.', 'Congress/which.md': 'Partner score fast herself character minute.', 'Congress/democratic.md': 'Research knowledge owner Mr whole money cup.', 'Congress/accept.md': 'Expert plant institution relate old research position I.', 'Congress/remain.md': 'But natural film discussion among whole.', 'Congress/whatever.md': 'Today catch analysis.', 'Congress/fish.md': 'Herself share yourself movie behind whom check.', 'industry/wrong.md': 'Floor race land those hard actually avoid property.', 'industry/book.md': 'Together state billion race beautiful how.', 'industry/car.md': 'Heart central eye thought painting government appear.', 'industry/cause.md': 'Time religious describe oil heart.', 'industry/feeling.md': 'Include memory strategy other statement imagine teach.', 'industry/small.md': 'Little third your season kind.', 'industry/heavy.md': 'Quality international window probably adult attention.', 'industry/election.md': 'Democrat often turn.', 'industry/possible.md': 'Structure high discover half dog half forward.', 'industry/fish.md': 'Much without in fight miss.', 'live/white.md': 'Whatever significant capital air about.', 'live/discuss.md': 'Hit result find miss culture heart clear task.', 'live/traditional.md': 'If participant be year how may.', 'live/focus.md': 'Western win tree kid radio however value.', 'live/democratic.md': 'Reach rate none thank key after.', 'live/so.md': 'Type look identify spend drop sit skin heart.', 'live/possible.md': 'Window help reflect when consider science.', 'live/leader.md': 'Hold garden imagine style water ready several.', 'live/own.md': 'Say small finish sing raise.', 'lot/seat.md': 'Method institution third political.', 'lot/wall.md': 'Each feel program size different kid.', 'lot/worry.md': 'Support moment maintain majority American rule rock.', 'lot/improve.md': 'Reason better difficult take.', 'lot/heart.md': 'Make let way.', 'lot/modern.md': 'Example first recently let.', 'lot/make.md': 'First eat data executive.', 'lot/check.md': 'Wall artist recent side approach.', 'lot/hotel.md': 'Technology town film nothing writer head from.', 'lot/perhaps.md': 'Main manage authority serious short.', 'drop/add.md': 'Fish work to individual.', 'drop/mission.md': 'Ready kind only meeting.', 'drop/main.md': 'Education left somebody.', 'drop/of.md': 'Write room national change.', 'drop/else.md': 'Fly candidate may so college.', 'drop/manage.md': 'Allow expect heavy quality.', 'drop/arrive.md': 'Education science car common husband economy.', 'drop/former.md': 'Brother college detail.', 'drop/from.md': 'Though important executive Democrat smile.', 'drop/through.md': 'Adult large protect agency whom magazine behind.', 'central/several.md': 'Appear talk administration sort.', 'central/them.md': 'Unit huge call.', 'central/often.md': 'For nice after analysis series.', 'central/before.md': 'Account vote off police since.', 'central/commercial.md': 'Address country last teacher game compare.', 'central/these.md': 'Feeling rate first national.', 'central/tough.md': 'Party single media process statement forget.', 'central/crime.md': 'Hotel we five blue lawyer argue.', 'central/less.md': 'Guess environmental cover three late.', 'central/nice.md': 'Those religious audience case those.', 'civil/argue.md': 'Line culture seven six.', 'civil/life.md': 'Concern decide better whom.', 'civil/culture.md': 'National could exactly well discuss candidate especially sport.', 'civil/ready.md': 'Central about ready information.', 'civil/door.md': 'Can choice spring alone ball spend half.', 'civil/deep.md': 'Thought charge team type tonight maybe.', 'civil/question.md': 'Family evening its degree.', 'civil/gas.md': 'Talk why around necessary.', 'civil/hand.md': 'Discussion itself in far station head phone.', 'civil/central.md': 'Believe region their our whatever.', 'friend/oil.md': 'Little someone story put hundred able.', 'friend/discover.md': 'Someone city idea.', 'friend/month.md': 'Race walk people its Democrat sound.', 'friend/alone.md': 'Suffer concern choose participant work.', 'friend/myself.md': 'Truth simply memory alone plant large.', 'friend/note.md': 'Word end size enough.', 'friend/large.md': 'Tough glass per.', 'friend/wife.md': 'Sea investment many difference keep like improve.', 'friend/allow.md': 'Become personal own behavior sport.', 'friend/hand.md': 'Nation yourself final ground thus follow.', 'standard/late.md': 'Scientist people may story.', 'standard/audience.md': 'Finally remain actually toward purpose bad.', 'standard/level.md': 'Work around ask to.', 'standard/hear.md': 'Poor budget agent artist.', 'standard/sound.md': 'Night national film next.', 'standard/with.md': 'Former writer cause pattern school answer.', 'standard/standard.md': 'Do number shoulder animal yourself.', 'standard/easy.md': 'Myself must detail win.', 'standard/five.md': 'Lay would green generation season.', 'standard/analysis.md': 'While natural from staff option artist can.', 'community/book.md': 'Mr oil difficult dog.', 'community/else.md': 'Actually service thank state.', 'community/soldier.md': 'It lawyer cover job.', 'community/stay.md': 'Military teach subject cold affect shake.', 'community/cold.md': 'Election buy member alone school audience.', 'community/left.md': 'Picture let tell never.', 'community/up.md': 'Final all commercial anything term begin cultural.', 'community/woman.md': 'Big might attorney organization less drop.', 'community/save.md': 'Thought hear home set employee early purpose.', 'daughter/whose.md': 'Program writer interesting prepare authority skill.', 'daughter/seek.md': 'Throughout growth history save.', 'daughter/poor.md': 'Possible leave him up bag will.', 'daughter/product.md': 'Social stand administration challenge personal.', 'daughter/story.md': 'Anything song key first.', 'daughter/professor.md': 'Effect ahead eye serve single.', 'daughter/check.md': 'Young prevent play follow.', 'daughter/business.md': 'Alone idea security behavior.', 'daughter/put.md': 'Doctor eat should add pull customer might.', 'daughter/bar.md': 'Among ago cover good.', 'education/evening.md': 'Give tonight sell over whole word care.', 'education/body.md': 'Note start bad part positive during.', 'education/total.md': 'Contain hit individual college month.', 'education/nature.md': 'Skin look fine policy special part.', 'education/really.md': 'Difference beyond cost but.', 'education/reason.md': 'Wrong increase investment deep near simply spring.', 'education/blood.md': 'North smile know.', 'education/imagine.md': 'Summer keep conference.', 'education/fish.md': 'Answer impact sense professor gun fast me.', 'education/article.md': 'Usually could bad attack customer couple represent.', 'lead/rest.md': 'Address half hit.', 'lead/speech.md': 'Maintain prepare indicate production surface.', 'lead/become.md': 'Building plant air something direction fall provide.', 'lead/stage.md': 'View main when Republican father plant.', 'lead/under.md': 'Test next education series.', 'lead/adult.md': 'Rule others especially institution total what law.', 'lead/which.md': 'Far task service radio reach morning accept.', 'lead/phone.md': 'Unit good including show stand.', 'lead/would.md': 'President still follow race analysis opportunity.', 'lead/trade.md': 'Success whatever environmental avoid father how although may.', 'why/show.md': 'Decade station development character movement.', 'why/data.md': 'Itself feeling fund mean.', 'why/more.md': 'Address music fish team national tough.', 'why/debate.md': 'Meeting wind medical can city face cost.', 'why/something.md': 'Everybody bed economic own least peace executive.', 'why/most.md': 'Agreement station room name.', 'why/spring.md': 'Fine according mission against.', 'why/phone.md': 'By near next teacher be degree although.', 'why/full.md': 'Yard like phone catch on attention your.', 'why/stuff.md': 'Cup everybody open book he decade.', 'ten/pull.md': 'Factor list try able pattern.', 'ten/serve.md': 'Want exist bank book.', 'ten/nature.md': 'Eight own hot first success.', 'ten/sea.md': 'Trial heart office dark fine everything suggest.', 'ten/page.md': 'Edge to window size stand sea.', 'ten/someone.md': 'Themselves hair together maybe yes never.', 'ten/international.md': 'Food style wait tend improve.', 'ten/time.md': 'Note center brother process big.', 'ten/simply.md': 'Congress way enjoy hand first.', 'ten/rock.md': 'Method wall when book agency.', 'rule/hear.md': 'History event character everybody paper machine little billion.', 'rule/thing.md': 'Trial produce despite water range television.', 'rule/feel.md': 'Soon give never future difference.', 'rule/system.md': 'Bill article station despite.', 'rule/produce.md': 'Yes method sense.', 'rule/eye.md': 'Finally this team yet throughout.', 'rule/nation.md': 'Radio entire ago behavior prevent response ten according.', 'rule/thousand.md': 'Anything help military with run.', 'rule/goal.md': 'Inside firm without.', 'rule/perhaps.md': 'Back election leave.'}
    print(len(set(result)), len(set(expected)))
    count = 0
    print("length of result", len(result))
    print("length of expected", len(expected))
    for y in result:
        if y not in expected:
            count += 1
            print(f"{y}:{result[y]} IS EXTRA FILE")
            print(count)
    


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-12T11:18:23.620Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a close-up portrait of a man. The lighting is soft,
creating a warm tone. **Subject:** * A man with short, dark hair that appears
to be slightly receding at the temples. * He is wearing glasses with thin,
dark frames. * He appears to be wearing a button-down shirt or similar garment
in a light color, partially visible. * His expression is serious and somewhat
intense. His head is tilted to the side slightly. **Background:** * The
background is a solid, warm brown color, perhaps a wall. * The color of the
background suggests an indoor environment. **Other Details:** * There is no
text visible in the image. * There is a subtle hint of shadow on the man's
face, which emphasizes his facial features.] s.anand:

> A _sample_ evaluation script for Project 1 tasks A1-A10 is available at
> [tools-in-data-science-public/project-1 at tds-2025-01-project-1-wip ·
> sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public ·
> GitHub](https://github.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
> public/tree/tds-2025-01-project-1-wip/project-1)

Sir there is an error in the evaluation script for task A1, url -
<https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/datagen.py> doesn’t exist,  
instead this should - <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-
data-science-public/tds-2025-01/project-1/datagen.py>


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-12T12:54:37.329Z)

[@23f2001978](/u/23f2001978)

That error is usually if you are using the wrong endpoint (ie. using open ai
libraries instead of sending requests to aiproxy).

Without seeing the request its hard to tell you what the cause of the error
is.

Kind regards


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-12T13:20:19.960Z)

[@21f2000709](/u/21f2000709) [@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382)

B10 → Create a service that creates a specified endpoint that receives a CSV
and returns a JSON data . Where the JSON is expected, whether in the response
body of the endpoint , or in a file will be specified by the task master
:slight_smile:

Kind regards


---
### Arya Agrahari  (2025-02-12T14:02:08.980Z)

hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
for A2 i am getting this particular error and i don’t know what i am doing
wrong in this  

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot from 2025-02-12 19-31-471501×564
44.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/6/463f25f29e9ac0e51e43914eb00cef2e89341c90.png
"Screenshot from 2025-02-12 19-31-47")


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-12T14:07:21.156Z)

issue with evaluate.py , post the code snippet in task a2, where it calculates
the result and checks with expected.


---
### Arya Agrahari  (2025-02-12T14:16:26.408Z)

you mean screenshot of evaluate.py file?  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Overall:** *
The image shows a portion of code within a code editor (likely VS Code, given
the layout). * The code appears to be Python (based on syntax like `async
def`, `str`, `await`). * The code deals with formatting and processing files,
possibly using a tool like `prettier`. **Specific Code Sections:** * **Lines
77-79**: This section seems to define an asynchronous function `a2`. It takes
an email string, a file string, and potentially other keyword arguments
(`**kwargs`). The file path defaults to "/data/format.md" * **Lines 80-90**: *
`original = get_markdown(email)`: It calls a function `get_markdown` with the
email and saves the result to the variable `original`. * `expected =
subprocess.run(...)`: The code seems to use the `subprocess.run` function to
execute a command. The command appears to be running `npx` (Node Package
Runner) with the `prettier` package at version `3.4.2`. The `npx` command is
likely being used to format the file. * The command also includes command-line
arguments to format a file, likely reading the content from standard input
(`stdin-filepath`). The content to format is passed via `input=original`,
capturing output and ensuring text handling. * The `shell=True` argument
suggests that the command is run in the shell. * Finally, it's attempting to
get the standard output from the result of the subprocess. * **Lines 91-98**:
* A descriptive comment about using `prettier@3.4.2` to format the file in
place is present. * The code reads the content of the `file` and saves it as
`result`. * It compares `result` to `expected`. If they are different, the
function calls `mismatch`. If they are the same, it return true. * **Lines
100-101**: This section seems to define another asynchronous function `a3`
similar to `a2`, but it takes only the email and keyword arguments (**kwargs).
* **Bottom Panel**: The bottom panel displays the "PROBLEMS," "OUTPUT," "DEBUG
CONSOLE," "TERMINAL," and "PORTS" tabs of the IDE and shows the "TERMINAL" tab
is selected. There is also the word "arguments?" on the very bottom.
]Screenshot from 2025-02-12 20-21-561501×564 61.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/8/18e7419bec3e953904b029c887a657f57b376377.png
"Screenshot from 2025-02-12 20-21-56")


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-12T14:55:36.830Z)

running in docker?  
////////////////////////////


---
### Arya Agrahari  (2025-02-12T15:01:11.724Z)

Yes, I commented out check=True to see the error


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-12T15:56:31.053Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
could you please help me out on how to start with TDS Project-1, as I am stuck
at the moment and don’t know where to start from. This project is very much
unfamiliar for me and I need some guidance on how to start with it. It would
be really great if you could provide some help through
resources/materials/videos and help me complete the project. Thanks in
advance!


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-12T16:46:18.918Z)

then im not sure exactly wait lemme check


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-12T16:49:41.628Z)

issue with evaluate py, specifically , how it formats the file, maybe
shell=True should be uncommented if commented out. then im not sure. Im not in
composing docker files yet


---
### Anvitha (2025-02-12T17:08:28.279Z)

Could anyone please help me with the project… I am trying to do it but I’m
always getting errors even while starting.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-12T17:16:22.873Z)

My final docker image size is coming 1.25 gb, I am using the ubuntu base image
as I thought it would be appropriate given the tasks. Is it ok with that size?

PS - Also I would be running out of token if I need to test again with some
other base image now.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-12T17:21:35.526Z)

Go through the week 1-3 assignments once, you would be good to go with Phase A
tasks.

[@23f2003413](/u/23f2003413) [@AnvithaV](/u/anvithav)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-12T17:29:12.353Z)

You do not need the whole of ubuntu!

Just python and uv

More like 128mb image.

Please watch Tues week 5 session 1

Kind regards


---
### Avnish Jajodia (2025-02-12T17:38:21.482Z)

Will there be more live sessions on project ?

[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-12T17:53:19.068Z)

I could pull it down to 610 mb, using python:3.9-slim now, but there are some
essential libraries that is needed which is taking up the space…will it be ok?
I mean installing on the go with uv might lead to timeout during evaluation…


---
### 23f3001356 (2025-02-12T18:30:50.906Z)

How did you corrected it ?


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-12T19:09:36.761Z)

I tried cutting it down further but it is affecting the functionality, this is
the best I can do, i.e., 610 mb


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-12T19:33:11.401Z)

could you help later, when i need to construct docker image, via gmeet? PLEASE


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-02-12T20:00:07.871Z)

ANY SUGGESTIONS (just one digit away) ::

    
    
    import easyocr
    from pathlib import Path
    import re
    
    def extract_credit_card_number(input_image: str, output_file: str):
        
        input_path = Path(f".{input_image}")
        output_path = Path(f".{output_file}")
    
        if not input_path.exists():
            raise ValueError(f"Image file {input_path} does not exist.")
    
        # Step 1: Use OCR to extract text from the image
        reader = easyocr.Reader(['en'])
        try:
            result = reader.readtext(str(input_path))
        except Exception as e:
            raise ValueError(f"OCR processing failed: {str(e)}")
    
        # Combine all extracted text into a single string
        extracted_text = " ".join([text for (_, text, _) in result])
    
        # Step 2: Use the LLM to refine the extracted text and extract the credit card number
        prompt = f"""
        The following text was extracted from an image. It may contain a credit card number. 
        Extract the credit card number and return only the number without spaces or dashes. 
        If no credit card number is found, return "None".
    
        Extracted text: {extracted_text}
        """
        try:
            response = chat_completion(prompt)
            card_number = response.get("choices", [])[0].get("message", {}).get("content", "").strip()
    
            # Validate the card number (basic check for 16 digits)
            if card_number.lower() == "none" or not card_number.isdigit() or len(card_number) != 16:
                raise ValueError("No valid credit card number found in the image.")
    
            # Write the card number to the output file
            output_path.parent.mkdir(parents=True, exist_ok=True)
            with open(output_path, "w") as f:
                f.write(card_number)
    
            return f"A8 Completed: Credit card number extracted and written to {output_file}"
        except Exception as e:
            raise ValueError(f"Failed to process text with LLM: {str(e)}")
    
    
    
     /data/credit-card.txt
    ⚠️ EXPECTED:
    4026399336539356
    ⚠️ RESULT:
    4026399338539356
    


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-12T20:31:46.779Z)

<Response [200]>  
{‘id’: ‘chatcmpl-B0De8V66WZAucAweJe6e32BWSLnpT’, ‘object’: ‘chat.completion’,
‘created’: 1739392156, ‘model’: ‘gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18’, ‘choices’:
[{‘index’: 0, ‘message’: {‘role’: ‘assistant’, ‘content’: “I’m sorry, but I
can’t assist with that.”, ‘refusal’: None}, ‘logprobs’: None, ‘finish_reason’:
‘stop’}], ‘usage’: {‘prompt_tokens’: 874, ‘completion_tokens’: 11,
‘total_tokens’: 885, ‘prompt_tokens_details’: {‘cached_tokens’: 0,
‘audio_tokens’: 0}, ‘completion_tokens_details’: {‘reasoning_tokens’: 0,
‘audio_tokens’: 0, ‘accepted_prediction_tokens’: 0,
‘rejected_prediction_tokens’: 0}}, ‘service_tier’: ‘default’,
‘system_fingerprint’: ‘fp_bd83329f63’, ‘monthlyCost’: 0.048128640000000014,
‘cost’: 0.0026880000000000003, ‘monthlyRequests’: 51}

    
    
    def query_gpt_image(image_path: str, task: str):
        print("🔍 Image Path:", image_path)
        image_format = image_path.split(".")[-1]
        with open(image_path, "rb") as file:
            image_data = base64.b64encode(file.read()).decode("utf-8")
        response = requests.post(
            "https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/chat/completions",
            headers={"Authorization": f"Bearer {"APIKEY"}",
                    "Content-Type": "application/json"},
            json={
                "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
                "messages": [
                    {
                    "role": "user",
                    "content": [
                        {"type": "text", "text": task},
                        {
                        "type": "image_url",
                        "image_url": { "url": f"data:image/{image_format};base64,{image_data}" }
                        }
                    ]
                    }
                ]
                }
                         )
        response.raise_for_status()
        print(response)
        print(response.json())
        result = response.json() 
    response = query_gpt_image("data/credit_card.png","Extract the credit card number from image")
    

Why is this not working?  
EDIT: Requires prompt engineering as “credit card” is sensitive information
:roll_eyes::roll_eyes:

<Response [200]>  
{‘id’: ‘chatcmpl-B0Dlie1ZIS68PZBCT0XJKhLKbyPAC’, ‘object’: ‘chat.completion’,
‘created’: 1739392626, ‘model’: ‘gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18’, ‘choices’:
[{‘index’: 0, ‘message’: {‘role’: ‘assistant’, ‘content’: ‘The numbers
extracted from the image are:\n\n- 3009 1429 5211 59\n- 09/29\n- 113’,
‘refusal’: None}, ‘logprobs’: None, ‘finish_reason’: ‘stop’}], ‘usage’:
{‘prompt_tokens’: 871, ‘completion_tokens’: 31, ‘total_tokens’: 902,
‘prompt_tokens_details’: {‘cached_tokens’: 0, ‘audio_tokens’: 0},
‘completion_tokens_details’: {‘reasoning_tokens’: 0, ‘audio_tokens’: 0,
‘accepted_prediction_tokens’: 0, ‘rejected_prediction_tokens’: 0}},
‘service_tier’: ‘default’, ‘system_fingerprint’: ‘fp_bd83329f63’,
‘monthlyCost’: 0.05092764000000002, ‘cost’: 0.002799, ‘monthlyRequests’: 52}

    
    
    response = query_gpt_image("data/credit_card.png","Extract number from image")
    


---
### Kumar Rishabh  (2025-02-13T02:36:19.536Z)

Sir in main.py file I’m defining task with different variables . But in
evaluate.py tasks are defined by different variables to test and when I’m
testing it using python evaluate.py it returns unsuccessful . I’m testing all
my tasks of main.py with Postman it returns successful.  
My query is that how the tasks get evaluated and do i need to change my
variables in main.py ? And what are the other things i have to change.  
Also plss update evaluate.py fie with phase B tasks

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-13T03:29:31.245Z)

[@22f3001777](/u/22f3001777)

Yes there will be one more session today (13th Feb) at usual time 8pm to 10pm

Kind regards


---
### Trebhuvan SB (2025-02-13T04:09:50.378Z)

Hi instructors and TAs,  
For the different tasks in Phase B, I don’t have a clear idea of what type of
a response you expect.

eg.

  * Run a SQL query on a SQLite or DuckDB database & Extract data from (i.e. scrape) a website & Transcribe audio from an MP3 file - Do you want the query’s response on an output file like A10? or as a response?

I understand that these are broad problems you except us to solve, but it
would be helpful to know what type of response you would require.

Thanks,  
Trebhuvan


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-02-13T04:45:34.403Z)

Hi,  
Pls tell us how to use evaluate.py script to check our codes


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-13T04:49:57.160Z)

Output specifications will be detailed in the “task” sent to the endpoint.

Phase B is meant to be vague because if you can solve it, without an elaborate
and gratuitous use of gpt function calling, then you can actually solve _all
tasks using the same function_ !

Kind regards


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-13T04:54:35.243Z)

Okay sure!! Ping me when you require to generate…


---
### Tanush Tambe (2025-02-13T05:05:17.862Z)

Hello sir,  
Is yesterday’s session not uploaded to YouTube yet ?  
I couldn’t find it in calendar either… It will be very helpful if you (or
anyone else) could provide yesterday session’s recording’s link…


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-13T05:14:41.733Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image shows a man in an outdoor setting. He is the primary
focus and appears to be posing for the camera. **Subject Details:** *
**Gender:** The subject is male. * **Approximate Age:** He appears to be in
his late 20s to mid 30s. * **Facial Features:** He has dark hair, brown eyes,
and a light complexion. * **Clothing:** He's wearing a checkered button-down
shirt. **Background:** * **Vegetation:** There's greenery visible in the
background, possibly foliage of a tree or bushes. * **Color Palette:** The
overall color palette includes greens, browns, and earthy tones, suggesting an
outdoor setting. * **Window:** A window is subtly visible behind the subject,
hinting at a possible structure or building nearby. **In summary:** The image
is a portrait of a man in a casual outfit, likely taken outdoors. The presence
of vegetation and a nearby window are additional details to consider.]
21f2000709:

> I tried cutting it down further but it is affecting the functionality, this
> is the best I can do, i.e., 610 mb

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

will it be ok? Actually I developed it in a way that require some of the
essential dependencies and at this point of time it would be dangerous to
alter the way of handling it as I am running short of AIProxy Token credits.

Earlier when I asked this:

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
potential points of interest: **Overall Impression:** The image is a medium
shot of a man. The background appears to be outdoors, with some greenery
visible. **Man:** * **Age:** He appears to be in his late 20s or early 30s. *
**Appearance:** He has short, dark hair, and appears to have a fair skin tone.
* **Clothing:** He is wearing a plaid shirt, with a checkered pattern in
lighter and darker shades. * **Facial Expression:** He has a neutral to
slightly pleasant expression. His gaze is directed towards the camera.
**Background:** * **Setting:** The background is blurred, but it seems to be
an outdoor environment with trees or plants. * **Window:** In the upper-right
corner of the image, there appears to be a blurred window frame or
architectural detail. **Features that could help answer questions:** * The
man's clothing might provide clues about his style or occupation. * The
background could suggest the location.] 21f2000709:

> Any tentative size cutoff for the docker image?

I could have altered my way of handling dependencies but at that point of time
there was no clear numbers.

I request you to please allow this time around with this size…


---
### Yogesh (2025-02-13T05:45:48.461Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) Could you please consider extending the submission date
of Assignment 5 (it is 16th Feb right now). We are very busy with the project.

And assignment 6 submission date is much later: 9th of March.


---
### Shreyan Chaubey (2025-02-13T06:01:13.675Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) +1 Agreed, a relaxation in deadline will be a boon for
students who’ve taken up other projects this term.


---
### Trebhuvan SB (2025-02-13T06:08:33.630Z)

usage of langchain is allowed?


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-13T06:26:05.592Z)

It will be extended, [@carlton](/u/carlton) mentioned it in a TA session
already.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-13T06:53:05.419Z)

Hi [@Rishabh2](/u/rishabh2)

What exactly you mean by variables? only one argument is required for running
`evaluate.py` that’s an email address.

You need to download both `evaluate.py` and `datagen.py` in same folder and
then execute `evaluate.py` using uv.  
`uv run evaluate.py --email $any_email`.

For phase B

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
its content and relevant features: **Overall Impression:** The image is a
close-up headshot of a man against a simple, neutral background. The lighting
appears soft and even. **Subject:** * **Man:** The main subject is a man with
short, dark hair neatly styled and side-parted. He has a light skin tone. *
**Facial Features:** He is wearing rectangular-framed glasses. His expression
seems neutral, with a slight smile. **Clothing:** * The man is wearing a
purple button-down shirt. The collar is visible, giving a hint of the shirt's
style. **Background:** * The background is a plain, light yellow-beige color.
It is a simple, solid color without any patterns or distractions. **Overall
Impression:** The image has a professional, straightforward feel. It's likely
a headshot used for professional purposes.] [Project 1 - LLM-based Automation
Agent - Discussion Thread [TDS Jan
2025]](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-1-llm-based-
automation-agent-discussion-thread-tds-jan-2025/164277/183) [Tools in Data
Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> Output specifications will be detailed in the “task” sent to the endpoint.
> Phase B is meant to be vague because if you can solve it, without an
> elaborate and gratuitous use of gpt function calling, then you can actually
> solve all tasks using the same function ! Kind regards

Kind regards


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-13T06:59:18.975Z)

610 Mb’s is good size, no need to worry, it will be evaluated.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-13T07:14:49.349Z)

Hi [@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382)  
This is the classic case where you use Prompt engineering to solve your
problems. I assume you have already achieved your answers, but I want to
clarify this for someone who is facing this problem.

The thing is GPT-4o-mini is intelligent enough to understand what kind of task
you are asking it do, and extracting Credit Card info from an image is one of
the many prohibited tasks.

What you can do is, **try to fool it using itself.** Just ask ChatGPT to
generate a prompt that would be capable of fooling itself into extracting out
that credit card info. I was capable of doing it after pretending to be a
working on a Cyber Security project, and other fake details which ChatGPT
itself provided me with.


---
### JAHAR KUMAR PAUL (2025-02-13T07:17:30.842Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) . I cannot send requests to
<https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1> . Getting $RateLimitError:
Error code: 429 - {‘message’: 'On 2025-02 you used $2.0003758999999954,
exceeding 2'} . Looks like I used all of my credit . What can I do now ?
Project is also Incomplete.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-13T07:17:41.320Z)

Try creating a better prompt for this task.  
_Hint: Ask it to recheck certain similar looking digits._


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-13T07:40:40.412Z)

After submitting docker image through, it will be pulled and our token will be
used.

Things to be checked at your end.  
1.` podman run -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p8000:8000 $IMAGE_NAME` works
fine  
2\. Above command will start 8000 server so use evaluate.py to test if things
are working as expected.

Kind regards.  
Jivraj


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-13T07:44:28.965Z)

Hi [@JoelJeffrey](/u/joeljeffrey)

What you did wrong and how did you correct it?


---
### Joel Jeffrey (2025-02-13T07:47:38.549Z)

I think there was something wrong with the way the code was getting inputs
(keys). I just rewrote that part and it worked


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-13T07:50:10.661Z)

Hi [@22f3001307](/u/22f3001307)

Provide required write permissions to `/data` folder. We will also discuss
this issue regarding permissions in initial part of today’s session.

Kind regards


---
### Tanush Tambe (2025-02-13T07:55:57.725Z)

Hello sir,  
Is yesterday’s session not uploaded to YouTube yet ?  
I couldn’t find it in calendar either…


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-13T08:00:18.511Z)

Command to run the image in the docs, seemed to have some error,

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Structure:** The image appears to be a snippet from a document or a
presentation slide, likely related to software development, specifically
Docker or containerization. The background is a dark teal or gray color, and
the text is in white, making it easily readable. **Textual Elements:** *
**Bullet Point:** It starts with a bullet point, indicating the beginning of a
new item. * **Instructional Sentence:** "Ensure that running your image via"
This suggests the following text provides instructions. * **Command:** The
next line contains a command, suggesting it needs to be executed in a
terminal: * `podman run $IMAGE_NAME -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p
8000:8000` This looks like a command to run a container using Podman. Let's
break it down: * `podman run`: The base command to run a container with
Podman. * `$IMAGE_NAME`: A placeholder (environment variable) that should be
replaced with the actual name of the Docker image. * `-e
AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN`: Sets an environment variable `AIPROXY_TOKEN`
inside the container to the value of the `AIPROXY_TOKEN` variable on the host
system. This is often used for authentication or API keys. * `-p 8000:8000`:
This maps port 8000 on the host machine to port 8000 in the container. *
`automatically`: Modifies the previous line describing the automatic function
of the podman run command. * **API Information:** "serves the API at
`http://localhost:8000/run?task=...` and" This indicates that the container,
once running, provides a service that can be accessed via a web API.
`http://localhost:8000` is the base URL, and `/run?task=...` implies an
endpoint to execute tasks with possible query parameters (task). **In
Summary:** The image provides instructions for running a containerized
application using Podman. The command sets an environment variable for
authentication and maps a port, likely for accessing an API served by the
application within the container. The application appears to be providing a
task execution service accessed via a REST API.]

The command:  
`podman run $IMAGE_NAME -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p 8000:8000`

gives the error:  
`crun: executable file `-e` not found in $PATH: No such file or directory: OCI
runtime attempted to invoke a command that was not found`

However the correct command seems to be:  
`podman run -e AIPROXY_TOKEN="$AIPROXY_TOKEN" -p 8000:8000 $IMAGE_NAME`

This works totally fine.

[Image could not be described]

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-13T08:10:36.247Z)

nvm i can laugh nw xD


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-13T08:25:27.022Z)

One final question [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) , will our
projects be evaluated with our `AIPROXY_TOKEN` or a different one.

Because my project is done but for evaluation if my `AIPROXY_TOKEN` is used,
it might be out of credits.


---
### Yogesh (2025-02-13T08:36:10.341Z)

Thanks. Do you know the new date?


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-13T08:57:25.731Z)

That wasn’t said, but it was not this weekend for sure.


---
### Maulik Dang (2025-02-13T09:14:14.569Z)

my automation is happening and prompt distribution too but it just isnt able
to pass any test after 1st in evaluation.py did someone else face same problem
if yes then how to solve it please help


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-02-13T09:24:19.052Z)

actually that easyocr is directly sending the clear text(no confusion) to llm
and llm is just extracting the exact numbers from it .


---
### Maulik Dang (2025-02-13T10:04:26.644Z)

[quote=“23f2001975, post:211, topic:164277, full:true”]  
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
While running the evaluation.py i am facing several issues because my output
isnt strictly adhering sometimes to it will the checking be on such a basis
only

for example in A3  
:warning: EXPECTED:  
129  
:warning: RESULT:  
“129”  
this is the error i get while it is the function in eval.py checking problem
as it gets response as text and doesnt strip (“”)

Please guide what should i do


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-13T10:18:32.032Z)

[Image could not be described] 21f2000709:

> podman run -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=“$AIPROXY_TOKEN” -p 8000:8000 $IMAGE_NAME

Yes this is correct command, we will update in project page.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-13T10:22:50.807Z)

[Image could not be described] [Project 1 - LLM-based Automation Agent -
Discussion Thread [TDS Jan
2025]](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-1-llm-based-
automation-agent-discussion-thread-tds-jan-2025/164277/196) [Tools in Data
Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> After submitting docker image through, it will be pulled and our token will
> be used. Things to be checked at your end. 1\. podman run -e
> AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p8000:8000 $IMAGE_NAME works fine 2\. Above
> command will start 8000 server so use evaluate.py to test if things are
> working as expected. Kind regards. Jivraj


---
### Vikram Suriyanarayanan (2025-02-13T10:25:17.421Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir I get this error  
but my app.py is able to get the server running on localhost and not on 0.0.0.  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Overall
Context:** The image shows a terminal session, likely running in a Linux-like
environment (possibly WSL or a containerized environment). The terminal prompt
indicates a user named "vikramjncasr" logged into a host named "ANJANEYA", and
they are currently in the directory "/mnt/c/IIT_Madras/TDS_Project".
**Commands & Output:** 1\. **Command:** `podman run 20511982f949` * This
indicates that the user attempted to run a container using `podman`, a
container management tool (similar to Docker). The string "20511982f949" is
likely the container ID or image ID. 2\. **Error Traceback:** The terminal
output displays a Python traceback, indicating an error occurred when running
the container. * `Traceback (most recent call last):` - Standard Python error
reporting. * `File "/app/app.py", line 1, in <module>` - The error occurred on
line 1 of the Python file `/app/app.py`. * `import fastapi` - The specific
line causing the error is an attempt to import the `fastapi` Python module. *
`ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'fastapi'` - This is the core of the
error. Python couldn't find a module named `fastapi`. This means the `fastapi`
library is not installed or available within the container's environment. **In
Summary:** The image depicts a scenario where a `podman` container run failed
because the Python application inside the container depends on the `fastapi`
library, which is not installed within the container. ]image1014×190 18.2
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/d/ed519f25f712a007f48e1e2f3cf5cf7f946271cb.png
"image")

  
could you please help ?


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-02-13T10:27:23.392Z)

When i am trying evaluate the code, I am getting the following error

    
    
    Traceback (most recent call last):
      File "/var/folders/rj/z_3b8hl51558519w90k5hp600000gn/T/evaluateyea70I.py", line 20, in <module>
        from datagen import (
        ...<9 lines>...
        )
    ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'datagen'
    

can someone tell me what i should do?  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-13T10:28:13.927Z)

[@22f3001307](/u/22f3001307)  
Install datagen.py in the same folder from where you are executing
evaluate.py.

[@vikramjncasr](/u/vikramjncasr) Check how you are executing, use uv or else
install required modules globally  
Kind regards


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-02-13T10:33:05.878Z)

Sir,  
the folder already exists in that folder  
besides, I am using `OPENAI_API_KEY=$AIPROXY_TOKEN uv run
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/project-1/evaluate.py` from Anand sir’s page to run the
code in my system


---
### Vikram Suriyanarayanan (2025-02-13T10:39:36.193Z)

Sir would the belowformat be ok when you evaluate ?  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on text
and other relevant details: **Overall Impression:** The image appears to be a
screenshot of a terminal or console output. It shows the execution of a
Python-based web application, likely using the Uvicorn ASGI server. **Key Text
Elements (From Top to Bottom):** * **`INFO: Finished server process
[30576]`:** This line indicates that a previous server process with process ID
30576 has been terminated. * **`PS C:\IIT_Madras\TDS_Project>`:** This is the
command prompt, showing the current directory in the file system. `PS` likely
stands for PowerShell. * **`uvicorn app:app --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8000`:**
This is the command that starts the Uvicorn server. * `uvicorn`: The name of
the ASGI server. * `app:app`: Specifies the Python module (`app`) and the ASGI
application object (`app`) within that module. * `--host 127.0.0.1`: Sets the
server to listen on the local loopback address (localhost). * `--port 8000`:
Configures the server to listen on port 8000. * **`INFO: Started server
process [5584]`:** A new server process with process ID 5584 has been started.
* **`INFO: Waiting for application startup.`:** The server is waiting for the
application to initialize. * **`INFO: Application startup complete.`:** The
application has successfully started. * **`INFO: Uvicorn running on
http://127.0.0.1:8000 (Press CTRL+C to quit)`:** The Uvicorn server is running
and accessible at the specified URL. It also provides the instruction to press
CTRL+C to stop the server. * **`INFO: 127.0.0.1:54184 - "GET / HTTP/1.1" 200
OK`:** This is a log message indicating a successful HTTP GET request to the
root path (`/`). * `127.0.0.1:54184`: The client's IP address and port. *
`"GET / HTTP/1.1"`: The HTTP request method (GET), the path being requested
(`/`), and the HTTP protocol version (1.1). * `200 OK`: The HTTP status code,
indicating a successful response. * `[]`: Likely the PowerShell prompt is
waiting for a command. **Interpretation:** This screenshot demonstrates the
process of starting a Uvicorn-based web application. The user is in a
PowerShell terminal, navigates to the project directory, executes the
`uvicorn` command, and the server starts successfully, listening on localhost
port 8000. A client has made a request to the server, and the server has
responded with a 200 OK status. ]image985×211 24.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/8/58c6872accc838dcec5fda23f4290f5e284dde1e.png
"image")


---
### Vikram Suriyanarayanan (2025-02-13T10:40:54.014Z)

But when I use podman i keep getting errror.


---
### Lovepreet Singh (2025-02-13T10:58:35.935Z)

Hello,

Can anyone please reset my AIProxy limit. I am getting this error,
{“detail”:“Agent error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url:
<https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/chat/completions>”}  
Thank you.


---
### Arya Agrahari  (2025-02-13T11:09:48.608Z)

i am getting unauthorized error in A9 again and again, i have pasted my code
if someone can help please look into this.

    
    
    # /// script
    # requires-python = ">=3.11"
    # dependencies = [
    #   "numpy",
    #   "httpx",
    #   "fastapi",
    # ]
    # ///
    
    
    import httpx
    import numpy as np
    import datetime
    import os
    
    from fastapi import HTTPException
    
    
    now = datetime.datetime.now()
    
    OPENAI_API_KEY = os.environ["AIPROXY_TOKEN"]
    OPENAI_API_URL = "http://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings"
    
    
    # async def get_similarity_from_embeddings(emb1: list[float], emb2: list[float]) -> float:
    def get_similarity_from_embeddings(emb1: list[float], emb2: list[float]) -> float:
        # """Calculate cosine similarity between two texts."""
        # emb1 = await embed(text1)
        # emb2 = await embed(text2)
        return float(np.dot(emb1, emb2) / (np.linalg.norm(emb1) * np.linalg.norm(emb2)))
    
    
    # async def embed_list(text_list: list[str]) -> list[float]:
    async def embed_list(text_list: list[str]) -> list[float]:
        OPENAI_API_KEY = os.environ["AIPROXY_TOKEN"]
        OPENAI_API_URL = "http://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings"
        """Get embedding vector for text using OpenAI's API."""
        try:
            async with httpx.AsyncClient() as client:
                # with httpx.AsyncClient() as client:
                response = await client.post(
                    # response = httpx.post(
                    OPENAI_API_URL,
                    headers={"Authorization": f"Bearer {OPENAI_API_KEY}"},
                    
                    json={"model": "text-embedding-3-small", "input": text_list},
                )
            # print(f'{response.json()["data"][0]["embedding"]}')
            emb_list = [emb["embedding"] for emb in response.json()["data"]]
            print(f"Number of embeddings returned = {len(emb_list)}")
            return emb_list
    
        except KeyError as e:
            print(f"INSIDE EMBED_LIST IN A9. KeyError occurred while querying GPT: {e}")
            raise HTTPException(status_code=400, detail=str(e))
    
        except Exception as e:
            print(f"INSIDE EMBED_LIST IN A9. General Error while querying gpt: {str(e)}")
            raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail=str(e))
    
    
    def most_similar(embeddings):
        # Extract the phrases and their corresponding embeddings
        phrases = list(embeddings.keys())
        emb_values = list(embeddings.values())
    
        # Initialize variables to track the maximum similarity
        max_similarity = -1  # Start with the smallest possible similarity value
        most_similar_pair = None
    
        # Compute cosine similarity between each pair of embeddings
        for i in range(len(emb_values)):
            for j in range(i + 1, len(emb_values)):  # Avoid repeating pairs
                similarity = get_similarity_from_embeddings(emb_values[i], emb_values[j])
                if similarity > max_similarity:
                    max_similarity = similarity
                    most_similar_pair = (phrases[i], phrases[j])
    
        return most_similar_pair
    
    
    # async def get_similar_comments(input_file_path: str, output_file_path: str):
    async def get_similar_comments(input_file_path: str, output_file_path: str):
        print(f"Reading the input file: {input_file_path}")
        with open(input_file_path, "r") as file:
            comments = file.readlines()
    
        print(f"Embedding the comments")
        # embeddings = await embed_list(comments)
        embeddings = await embed_list(comments)
        embed_dict = dict(zip(comments, embeddings))
        most_similar_pair = most_similar(embed_dict)
        print(f"Most similar comments: {most_similar_pair}")
    
        with open(output_file_path, "w") as file:
            for comment in most_similar_pair:
                file.write(f"{comment.strip()}\n")
            # file.write(f"Most similar comments: {most_similar_pair}")
    
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        # import asyncio
    
        input_file_path = "/data/comments.txt"
        output_file_path = "/data/similar_comments.txt"
        # asyncio.run(get_similar_comments(input_file_path, output_file_path))
        get_similar_comments(input_file_path, output_file_path)
    


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-13T11:30:20.720Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir can you take my doubt in
today’s session please , i have successfully run docker server but endpoints
are not working…  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout** The image shows a split screen with a web browser on the left and a
code editor (likely VS Code) on the right. The code editor is further split
into an editor window and a terminal window. **Web Browser (Left)** * The
browser has multiple tabs open, with the active tab showing "localhost:5000".
* The browser displays "{\"detail\":\"Not Found\"}", indicating a 404 error or
similar. **Code Editor (Right)** * **Editor Window**: The `app.py` file is
open in the editor. * The code appears to be a Python script likely using the
FastAPI framework. * Key elements visible in the code: * Environment variable
`AIPROXY_TOKEN` is used. * A root endpoint `@app.get("/")` defined with the
function `read_root()` returning the JSON response `"message": "Hello from the
Automation Agent!"`. * Import statements for `fastapi`, `HTTPException`,
`Query`, `PlainTextResponse`, and `logging`. * FastAPI app initialization
(`app = FastAPI()`). * Logging configuration with `logging.basicConfig()` and
`logging.getLogger()`. * A delete endpoint `@app.delete("/delete")`. *
**Terminal Window**: A bash terminal is open in the `llm_project` directory. *
The last command executed was `git push origin main`. * The output shows that
the push was successful, with changes pushed to the remote repository on
GitHub. **Additional Details** * The IDE is using the WSL Ubuntu environment.
* The Python environment is activated (`(env)`). * The image shows the commit
message and the GitHub link for the project. * The IDE has a "PROBLEMS" tab,
but it is not selected, so there are no error messages immediately visible.
**In summary, the image shows a developer working on a Python FastAPI project
within a VS Code environment using WSL Ubuntu. The web browser indicates an
error (likely a 404 not found error), while the terminal shows a successful
push to a GitHub repository.** ]Screenshot 2025-02-13 1659121917×1024 124
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/3/f3f203d53c41f1d3c7c214f4904ca32579085bea.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-13 165912")

  
If anyone have knowledge about this , please help


---
### Adithya S (2025-02-13T11:32:12.216Z)

How did u resolve the issue? [@JoelJeffrey](/u/joeljeffrey)


---
### Adithya S (2025-02-13T11:38:28.558Z)

I am also facing the same issue.  
Evaluation Output:

    
    
    HTTP Request: POST https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings "HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized"
    
    🔴 A9 failed: 'data'
    
    ❌ A9 FAILED
    

I sense ‘Authentication Problem’ happens only with the evaluation script, as
the curl requests seems to work fine.

    
    
    INFO:httpx:HTTP Request: POST https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings "HTTP/1.1 200 OK"
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:60849 - "POST /run?task=%60%2Fdata%2Fcomments.txt%20contains%20a%20list%20of%20comments,%20one%20per%20line.%20Using%20embeddings,%20find%20the%20most%20similar%20pair%20of%20comments%20and%20write%20them%20to%20%2Fdata%2Fcomments-similar.txt,%20one%20per%20line HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    

Any views? [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Vidushi Singh (2025-02-13T12:36:04.971Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) Sir i keep getting this error  

[[Image description: The image shows a terminal window with an error message.
The user "vidushilinux@swastivivo" is in the "~/tds-project-1" directory and
has executed the command "uv run app.py". The error message is a Python
traceback, indicating a "ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'fastapi'". This
means that the Python script "app.py" attempts to import the "fastapi"
library, but the library is not installed or not found in the Python
environment. ]image671×109 8.64 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/c/acf1856ac9b092f16e614440286674227fb05f45.png
"image")

  
even though i have downloaded the packages globally and tried installing them
by making a venv but nothing seems to work please help


---
### Udipth (2025-02-13T12:56:58.706Z)

what is the base url?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-13T13:16:47.743Z)

use your api key guys


---
### Arya Agrahari  (2025-02-13T13:17:52.970Z)

we are using that only bro, only for A9 it says unauthorized


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-13T13:18:10.933Z)

network mapping or something, even im working that out


---
### Anvitha (2025-02-13T13:18:26.065Z)

Even i am facing the same problem. I am unable to resolve it ,i tried many
ways.  
could anyone please help


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-13T13:20:38.830Z)

2 ways, try command line package installing, or inside venv, try which
python,etc and make paths reconcile, or inside venv, uv pip install , if that
doesn’t work, inside venv pip install


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-13T13:37:48.723Z)

thanks , already it work out


---
### Vikram Suriyanarayanan (2025-02-13T15:44:57.509Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir please help

When I am downloading the data folder after processing datagen.py , it is
trying to download in root folder and it is facing permission error . how can
we overcome this ?  
needs sudo permission all the time…  

[[Image could not be described]image1368×124 19.9
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/2/529a3326ad0a3a4a60a7c95b080336814e487f6c.png
"image")


---
### Huzaifa Faizee (2025-02-13T15:58:57.713Z)

Hello Sir [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
What are implications on missing the project 1.  
Due to some personal reasons I wasn’t able to start any work on my project 1.
It seems difficult for me to complete it.  
Could you please tell what will be the implications of missing it. Will I in
anyway be able to cover up and pass in the subject doing future assignments
and projects?

Thank you

PS: This isn’t any request to extend dates. I accept my fault and respect the
dates provided by the team.


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-13T16:55:25.125Z)

Sir I haven’t initaiated the podman earlier.  
Now when i try to use podman using the wsl via the code “sudo apt install -y
podman” it is asking for the password…  
The problem is:

  1. I haven’t set any password for podman earlier.
  2. Though it is asking for password but it is not taking any input.(ie I am unable type anything there).  
what should I am supposed to do…  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image is
a screenshot of a terminal window within a code editor, likely Visual Studio
Code. The terminal is running a shell, as indicated by the prompt
"ayushcodes2611@DESKTOP-Q9B006:/mnt/d/TDS/Project$". The text suggests the
user is trying to use "sudo" commands, which require administrator privileges.
There is a series of "sudo password for ayushcodes2611:" prompts, followed by
either "Sorry, try again." or "sudo: a password is required". The terminal
also displays messages indicating incorrect password attempts. Specifically,
the following commands are being attempted: * `sudo apt update` * `sudo
passwd` (likely an attempt to change the user password) * `sudo apt install -y
podman` The errors indicate that the user is either entering the wrong
password repeatedly or that a password is not configured, but the commands
require one. To the right side of the window, there is a panel showing two
terminal types: "powershell" and "wsl". This indicates that the user might be
running a Linux environment (WSL) within Windows. ]image1612×359 21.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/3/d36db27ac5478d6c2d5fee2e15c56e2068836c20.png
"image")


---
### Vihaan Verma (2025-02-13T17:52:50.211Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) I think the evaluation.py test
case is broken for A8 because I can manually see more folders and markdown
files than the expected case output of A8 evaluation. And also is there any
evaluation file for Part B


---
### Shreya Khantal (2025-02-13T18:04:07.546Z)

password are not visible in wsl when typed, just type and enter if it matches,
the process will continue


---
### Sarthak Gupta  (2025-02-13T18:22:04.034Z)

Sir If possible please extend the Project deadline.


---
### Thereasa Joe J (2025-02-13T19:01:28.625Z)

same error the execution is correct but format.md file is not modified with
correct markdown format


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-13T19:53:34.059Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
can u please upload the video that was recorded on 12th Feb, as I am able to
view only the video that was last recorded on 11th Feb (3 hrs 57 mins video).
As I am doing the project completely from the recorded videos, please post
those videos in youtube at the earliest.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-13T20:43:28.497Z)

Hi [@23f2003413](/u/23f2003413)  
Because of some technical issues we could not record 12 Feb session. That was
doubt clearing session regrading project1.

Kind regards


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-14T00:36:17.755Z)

Can we submit project number of times before deadline…


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-14T02:49:04.476Z)

thanks for you feedbacak I have figured it out! Thanks it means a lot…


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-14T03:05:23.382Z)

A silly Doubt though but still a doubt!  
Could we create an image first of our project in initial stage(ie the my
“app.py” is not completely ready) but I have build an docker image including
the app.py and other dependencies.  
Should I give the same url now and then carry on updating the app.py  
Or, Should first complete and then upload in the form!

plz reply!!


---
### B Varun karthik (2025-02-14T05:30:00.714Z)

Can you send the link for the video on 11th Feb?


---
### Shambhavi  (2025-02-14T05:49:41.750Z)

How did you resolve the file cannot be found error?


---
### shivam dubey (2025-02-14T06:55:15.716Z)

[[Image description: The image shows a log output from a program attempting to
extract a credit card number from an image. Here's a breakdown: **Overall
Task:** * The program is trying to extract a credit card number from an image
file named `/data/credit_card.png`. * It is using a Large Language Model (LLM)
to perform this extraction. * The extracted number (without spaces) should be
written to a file named `/data/credit-card.txt`. **Errors:** Several errors
are occurring during the process: 1\. **HTTP 500 Internal Server Error:** The
POST request to the server (likely where the LLM is running) at
`http://localhost:8000/run` is failing. The detailed error message within the
HTTP 500 response is: * `"detail": "Error extracting credit card: Image file
.C:\\\Users\\\starb\\\Desktop\\\tds_p_1\\\data\\\credit_card.png does not
exist."` This means the server cannot find the image file specified. Note the
path is a local Windows path on the server. The program and server may be
running on different machines, or the paths could be incorrect. 2\. **HTTP 404
Not Found:** A GET request to `http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/credit-
card.txt` is failing. This suggests the program is trying to read the
extracted credit card number from the file, but the file does not exist,
likely due to the previous error preventing successful extraction. 3\. **A8
Failed: Cannot read /data/credit-card.txt:** This error confirms that the
program could not read the file `/data/credit-card.txt`. It aligns with the
HTTP 404 error. 4\. **HTTP 401 Unauthorized:** A POST request to
`https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings` is failing with a
401 Unauthorized error. This likely indicates that the program is using OpenAI
embeddings (possibly as part of the LLM processing), but is not properly
authorized (e.g., missing API key, invalid credentials). 5\. **A9 failed:
'data':** This is a very brief and generic error and is likely related to the
call to the embeddings API or the authentication. **Key Observations:** *
**File Path Issues:** The most immediate issue is the server's inability to
locate the image file. The path suggests it expects the image to be located on
a specific Windows machine. * **Authorization Problem:** The program has an
authorization problem calling the embeddings endpoint. This could be caused by
an invalid API key, rate limiting, or other problems with authentication. *
**LLM Dependency:** The program relies on an LLM (presumably running on a
server at localhost:8000) to extract the credit card number. * **Multiple
Failures:** The sequence of errors suggests a cascade of failures: The initial
failure to locate the image prevents the LLM from extracting the number, which
then prevents the program from writing the file. The authentication error is
also a problem. ]image872×550 16.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/c/5c040c4323f2d2dfbeb3c76334f44adc7a59343f.png
"image")

  
pls help with this error


---
### Abhay Sharma (2025-02-14T07:01:23.751Z)

Sir, could you please mention the title of youtube videos in which the project
session are covered?


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-14T07:18:15.478Z)

Hi,

When yesterday’s recorded video will be uploaded in youtube?


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-14T07:34:01.905Z)

Thanks for the prompt reply [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) . I have done the project
setup till whatever was covered on the 11th Feb session. I am not able to
proceed further as I have no clue on how to work on this. Can you please help
me out as it would mean a lot.


---
### shivam dubey (2025-02-14T07:39:06.932Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382)


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-14T07:40:07.303Z)

[ [Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a title card or visual for a
presentation or lesson. It has a cartoonish and geometric style. A blue
overlay with rounded corners covers a portion of the central image. **Text:**
* **"WEEK 5"** - This is prominently displayed in large, bold, white letters
in the upper part of the blue overlay. * **"SESSION 1"** - This is also in
large, bold, white letters, located in the lower part of the blue overlay.
**Underlying Illustration:** The underlying image, visible around the edges
and through the blue overlay, is a collection of geometric and illustrative
elements, including: * **Geometric shapes:** Triangles, squares, and circles
arranged in patterns. * **Charts and graphs:** Bar charts, line graphs, and
pie charts. * **Technology-related icons:** A radar-type icon, a network
diagram, a screen or tablet. * **Tools:** Pencils, scissors. * **A globe.**
**Color Palette:** The image uses a limited color palette consisting of blues,
oranges, yellows, reds, and possibly greens and browns. It appears to be a
retro or modern flat design style. **In Summary:** The image is likely an
introductory slide for the first session of week 5 of some kind of class or
course. The illustration evokes themes of data, technology, and education.]
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXj6bqy4R4c)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-14T07:40:32.531Z)

Are you subscribed to the TDS channel? If you were it would notify you
immediately when it was uploaded. (10am this morning).

Please subscribe to the channel. It was also on the main page for TDS.  
<https://tds.s-anand.net/#/README>

[Image description: Here's a description of the image: * **Object:** The image
shows a red rounded rectangle with a white play button symbol in the center.
This is the logo for YouTube. * **Color:** The dominant color is red, with
white for the play button. * **Style:** The image appears to be a digital icon
or logo. It has a slightly blurred or gradient effect, giving it a more modern
look. * **Overall Impression:** It's a clear and recognizable representation
of the YouTube logo.] [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@se-lr5ff) [Image
could not be described]

### [Tools in Data Science](https://www.youtube.com/@se-lr5ff)

Share your videos with friends, family, and the world

Kind regards


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-14T07:42:08.309Z)

Thanks sir, Now I subscribed to the channel.


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-14T07:45:02.221Z)

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir! Is this video (Week-5 Session-3) the
continuation video from the previous session (Week-5 Session-1), since the
Session-2 video has not been recorded and uploaded. I am totally relying on
these videos to complete the project sir. Please help me out!


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T08:04:25.977Z)

offical answer is you dont, you let run it in docker and it would apparently
work , im not there yet, bus as of of now , create your docker image and start
testing there


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T08:08:24.668Z)

The deadline is at 11:59 pm right Saturday? Feb 15th? Google Standard Time?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-14T08:17:41.120Z)

Yes feb 15 11:59 PM indian standard time.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-14T08:21:27.720Z)

Hi [@23f2003413](/u/23f2003413)

Session 3 was continuation of session1.  
Session 2 was DCS(doubts clearing session)

Kind regards


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-14T08:25:42.250Z)

Got it. Thank you sir!


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-14T08:33:06.508Z)

Hi [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj), [@carlton](/u/carlton),
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) sir,

I’m getting the following error while post mapping, I couldn’t able to fix it.  
I’m getting status code as 400 from the llm api response. How to fix it sir?

    
    
       "json": {
            "message": "Invalid JSON body: SyntaxError: Unexpected token 'm', \"model=gpt-\"... is not valid JSON"
        }
    


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-14T08:35:17.405Z)

There is some problem with the json that you are using.

Try to debug it with GPT.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-14T08:36:01.337Z)

week5 session 1 and session3


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-14T08:38:10.454Z)

[[Image could not be described]image929×427 11.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/f/bf2517eb87feb20f7270ef8730daf3f1c5599473.png
"image")

  
Is someone else are also getting this kind of error messages…  
I have a low end system, then shifted to high one then again this popped up…  
Does anyone know how to come over this…


---
### DIGVIJAYSINH SANDEEPSINH CHUDASAMA (2025-02-14T09:23:07.838Z)

Hello [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) sir, I have implemented the code for B3 &
B6 but unfortunately as per the instructions given in project for B3 & B6 —

  * **B6**. Extract data from (i.e. scrape) a website

  * **B3**. Fetch data from an API and save it

They are almost similar and it’s getting confusing in both cases, it’s given
output based on B3 and not reading the input for B6, so could you please help
me out with this?

Is anyone else facing this or a similar issue?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-14T09:27:49.421Z)

Two solutions

  1. give proper permissions.
  2. use docker containers this is what we will test on.

I would prefer 2nd approach


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-14T09:31:58.136Z)

For B tasks use LLM to write code on the fly and execute it, use better
prompts. In evaluation script detailed task will be provided with what data
needs to be scraped, endpoints, parameters, etc.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T09:45:19.679Z)

{‘error’: {‘message’: “Invalid ‘tools[6].function.description’: string too
long. Expected a string with maximum length 1024, but got a string with length
4384 instead.”, ‘type’: ‘invalid_request_error’, ‘param’:
‘tools[6].function.description’, ‘code’: ‘string_above_max_length’},
‘monthlyCost’: 0.08569882000000002, ‘cost’: 0, ‘monthlyRequests’: 82}

i cant send long prompts then what is the point?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T09:45:59.531Z)

local llm also we cant use you because you have some limit on file size, we
send long prompt also it doesn’t work xD . What do we do?  
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
@anybodywhowouldatleastreplyONCE


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-14T10:04:32.618Z)

Hi,  
If you read these questions carefully then they are not similar, one is asking
you to extract data from a webpage, meaning you have to do something related
to the HTML code. And the other is simply sending a request to a given
endpoint.


---
### Telvin Varghese (2025-02-14T11:13:31.475Z)

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,  
In task A6  
**Find all Markdown (`.md` ) files in `/data/docs/` . For each file, extract
the first occurrance of each H1 (i.e. a line starting with `# ` ). Create an
index file `/data/docs/index.json` that maps each filename (without the
`/data/docs/` prefix) to its title (e.g. `{"README.md": "Home",
"path/to/large-language-models.md": "Large Language Models", ...}` ).**

Here expected output JSON “key” is file name or file path without prefix
/data/docs/ as prompt is bit confusing . when “path/to/large-language-
models.md” is given in example is actually referring to file path or filename
itself is “path/to/large-language-models.md”.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-14T11:44:32.114Z)

This can easily be checked by runing the evaluate.py file.  
Anyways, a file present in data/docs/folder_a/folder_b/md_file should be
folder_a/folder_b/md_file as key.


---
### Tanush Tambe (2025-02-14T11:48:06.753Z)

hey [@23f2001975](/u/23f2001975) did you find the solution to this problem ?  
i am facing the exact same issue


---
### Avnish Jajodia (2025-02-14T12:44:44.847Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
Sir, my token limit has crossed the $1 limit. Will I receive new limit or a
fresh token ? I still need to complete my project.  
Thank you


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T12:50:06.658Z)

:red_circle: /data/credit-card.txt  
:warning: EXPECTED:  
30091429521159  
:warning: RESULT:  
3009142952159

{‘role’: ‘assistant’, ‘content’: ‘3009142952159’, ‘refusal’: None} if LLM is
giving wrong output. I hope y’all look into edge cases. Some people tried
really hard. to prompt it xD :upside_down_face: :upside_down_face:
:upside_down_face:.  
  
You can check the logs

  
(venv) @ANDIECOOLER2 ➜ /workspaces/TDS-Project-1/app (checking-with-open-ai) $
uv run evaluate.py 🟡 Running task: Install `uv` (if required) and run the
script `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-/refs/heads/main/datagen.py` with
`23f1002382@ds.study.iitm.ac.in` as the only argument

HTTP Request: POST [http://localhost:8000/run?task=
Install+`uv`+(if+required)+and+run+the+script+`https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FANdIeCOOl%2FTDS-
Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-%2Frefs%2Fheads%2Fmain%2Fdatagen.py`
with+`23f1002382%40ds.study.iitm.ac.in`+as+the+only+argument
](http://localhost:8000/run?task=%0AInstall+%60uv%60+%28if+required%29+and+run+the+script+%60https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FANdIeCOOl%2FTDS-
Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-%2Frefs%2Fheads%2Fmain%2Fdatagen.py%60%0Awith+%6023f1002382%40ds.study.iitm.ac.in%60+as+the+only+argument%0A)
“HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:green_circle: HTTP 200 {  
“status”: “success”,  
“message”: “Task executed successfully”  
}

HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/format.md> “HTTP/1.1
200 OK”

:white_check_mark: A1 PASSED

10.8.2  
:yellow_circle: Running task: Format the contents of `/data/format.md` using
`prettier@3.4.2`, updating the file in-place

HTTP Request: POST [http://localhost:8000/run?task=
Format+the+contents+of+`%2Fdata%2Fformat.md`+using+`prettier%403.4.2`%2C+updating+the+file+in-
place
](http://localhost:8000/run?task=%0AFormat+the+contents+of+%60%2Fdata%2Fformat.md%60+using+%60prettier%403.4.2%60%2C+updating+the+file+in-
place%0A) “HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:green_circle: HTTP 200 {  
“status”: “success”,  
“message”: “Task executed successfully”  
}

HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/format.md> “HTTP/1.1
200 OK”

:white_check_mark: A2 PASSED

:yellow_circle: Running task: The file `/data/dates.txt` contains a list of
dates, one per line. Count the number of Wednesdays in the list, and write
just the number to `/data/dates-wednesdays.txt`

HTTP Request: POST
[http://localhost:8000/run?task=The+file+`%2Fdata%2Fdates.txt`+contains+a+list+of+dates%2C+one+per+line.+Count+the+number+of+Wednesdays+in+the+list%2C+and+write+just+the+number+to+`%2Fdata%2Fdates-
wednesdays.txt`](http://localhost:8000/run?task=The+file+%60%2Fdata%2Fdates.txt%60+contains+a+list+of+dates%2C+one+per+line.+Count+the+number+of+Wednesdays+in+the+list%2C+and+write+just+the+number+to+%60%2Fdata%2Fdates-
wednesdays.txt%60) “HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:green_circle: HTTP 200 {  
“status”: “success”,  
“message”: “Task executed successfully”  
}

HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/dates-wednesdays.txt>
“HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:white_check_mark: A3 PASSED

:yellow_circle: Running task: Sort the array of contacts in
`/data/contacts.json` by `last_name`, then `first_name`, and write the result
to `/data/contacts-sorted.json`

HTTP Request: POST
[http://localhost:8000/run?task=Sort+the+array+of+contacts+in+`%2Fdata%2Fcontacts.json`+by+`last_name`%2C+then+`first_name`%2C+and+write+the+result+to+`%2Fdata%2Fcontacts-
sorted.json`](http://localhost:8000/run?task=Sort+the+array+of+contacts+in+%60%2Fdata%2Fcontacts.json%60+by+%60last_name%60%2C+then+%60first_name%60%2C+and+write+the+result+to+%60%2Fdata%2Fcontacts-
sorted.json%60) “HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:green_circle: HTTP 200 {  
“status”: “success”,  
“message”: “Task executed successfully”  
}

HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/contacts-sorted.json>
“HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:white_check_mark: A4 PASSED

:yellow_circle: Running task: Write the first line of the 10 most recent
`.log` file in `/data/logs/` to `/data/logs-recent.txt`, most recent first

HTTP Request: POST
[http://localhost:8000/run?task=Write+the+first+line+of+the+10+most+recent+`.log`+file+in+`%2Fdata%2Flogs%2F`+to+`%2Fdata%2Flogs-
recent.txt`%2C+most+recent+first](http://localhost:8000/run?task=Write+the+first+line+of+the+10+most+recent+%60.log%60+file+in+%60%2Fdata%2Flogs%2F%60+to+%60%2Fdata%2Flogs-
recent.txt%60%2C+most+recent+first) “HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:green_circle: HTTP 200 {  
“status”: “success”,  
“message”: “Task executed successfully”  
}

HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/logs-recent.txt>
“HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:white_check_mark: A5 PASSED

:yellow_circle: Running task: Find all Markdown (`.md`) files in
`/data/docs/`.  
For each file, extract the first occurrance of each H1 (i.e. a line starting
with `# `).  
Create an index file `/data/docs/index.json` that maps each filename (without
the `/data/docs/` prefix) to its title  
(e.g. `{"README.md": "Home", "path/to/large-language-models.md": "Large
Language Models", ...}`)

HTTP Request: POST
[http://localhost:8000/run?task=Find+all+Markdown+(`.md`)+files+in+`%2Fdata%2Fdocs%2F`.
For+each+file%2C+extract+the+first+occurrance+of+each+H1+(i.e.+a+line+starting+with+`%23+`).
Create+an+index+file+`%2Fdata%2Fdocs%2Findex.json`+that+maps+each+filename+(without+the+`%2Fdata%2Fdocs%2F`+prefix)+to+its+title
(e.g.+`{“README.md”%3A+“Home”%2C+“path%2Fto%2Flarge-language-
models.md”%3A+“Large+Language+Models”%2C+...}`)](http://localhost:8000/run?task=Find+all+Markdown+%28%60.md%60%29+files+in+%60%2Fdata%2Fdocs%2F%60.%0AFor+each+file%2C+extract+the+first+occurrance+of+each+H1+%28i.e.+a+line+starting+with+%60%23+%60%29.%0ACreate+an+index+file+%60%2Fdata%2Fdocs%2Findex.json%60+that+maps+each+filename+%28without+the+%60%2Fdata%2Fdocs%2F%60+prefix%29+to+its+title%0A%28e.g.+%60%7B%22README.md%22%3A+%22Home%22%2C+%22path%2Fto%2Flarge-
language-models.md%22%3A+%22Large+Language+Models%22%2C+...%7D%60%29)
“HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:green_circle: HTTP 200 {  
“status”: “success”,  
“message”: “Task executed successfully”  
}

HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/docs/index.json>
“HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:white_check_mark: A6 PASSED

:yellow_circle: Running task: `/data/email.txt` contains an email message.
Pass the content to an LLM with instructions to extract the sender’s email
address, and write just the email address to `/data/email-sender.txt`

HTTP Request: POST
[http://localhost:8000/run?task=`%2Fdata%2Femail.txt`+contains+an+email+message.+Pass+the+content+to+an+LLM+with+instructions+to+extract+the+sender’s+email+address%2C+and+write+just+the+email+address+to+`%2Fdata%2Femail-
sender.txt`](http://localhost:8000/run?task=%60%2Fdata%2Femail.txt%60+contains+an+email+message.+Pass+the+content+to+an+LLM+with+instructions+to+extract+the+sender%27s+email+address%2C+and+write+just+the+email+address+to+%60%2Fdata%2Femail-
sender.txt%60) “HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:green_circle: HTTP 200 {  
“status”: “success”,  
“message”: “Task executed successfully”  
}

HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/email-sender.txt>
“HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:white_check_mark: A7 PASSED

:yellow_circle: Running task: `/data/credit_card.png` contains a credit card
number. Pass the image to an LLM, have it extract the card number, and write
it without spaces to `/data/credit-card.txt`

HTTP Request: POST
[http://localhost:8000/run?task=`%2Fdata%2Fcredit_card.png`+contains+a+credit+card+number.+Pass+the+image+to+an+LLM%2C+have+it+extract+the+card+number%2C+and+write+it+without+spaces+to+`%2Fdata%2Fcredit-
card.txt`](http://localhost:8000/run?task=%60%2Fdata%2Fcredit_card.png%60+contains+a+credit+card+number.+Pass+the+image+to+an+LLM%2C+have+it+extract+the+card+number%2C+and+write+it+without+spaces+to+%60%2Fdata%2Fcredit-
card.txt%60) “HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:green_circle: HTTP 200 {  
“status”: “success”,  
“message”: “Task executed successfully”  
}

HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/credit-card.txt>
“HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:red_circle: /data/credit-card.txt  
:warning: EXPECTED:  
30091429521159  
:warning: RESULT:  
3009142952159

:x: A8 FAILED

HTTP Request: POST <https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings>
“HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:yellow_circle: Running task: `/data/comments.txt` contains a list of
comments, one per line. Using embeddings, find the most similar pair of
comments and write them to `/data/comments-similar.txt`, one per line

HTTP Request: POST
[http://localhost:8000/run?task=`%2Fdata%2Fcomments.txt`+contains+a+list+of+comments%2C+one+per+line.+Using+embeddings%2C+find+the+most+similar+pair+of+comments+and+write+them+to+`%2Fdata%2Fcomments-
similar.txt`%2C+one+per+line](http://localhost:8000/run?task=%60%2Fdata%2Fcomments.txt%60+contains+a+list+of+comments%2C+one+per+line.+Using+embeddings%2C+find+the+most+similar+pair+of+comments+and+write+them+to+%60%2Fdata%2Fcomments-
similar.txt%60%2C+one+per+line) “HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:green_circle: HTTP 200 {  
“status”: “success”,  
“message”: “Task executed successfully”  
}

HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/comments-similar.txt>
“HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:white_check_mark: A9 PASSED

:yellow_circle: Running task: The SQLite database file `/data/ticket-sales.db`
has a `tickets` with columns `type`, `units`, and `price`. Each row is a
customer bid for a concert ticket. What is the total sales of all the items in
the “Gold” ticket type? Write the number in `/data/ticket-sales-gold.txt`

HTTP Request: POST
[http://localhost:8000/run?task=The+SQLite+database+file+`%2Fdata%2Fticket-
sales.db`+has+a+`tickets`+with+columns+`type`%2C+`units`%2C+and+`price`.+Each+row+is+a+customer+bid+for+a+concert+ticket.+What+is+the+total+sales+of+all+the+items+in+the+“Gold”+ticket+type%3F+Write+the+number+in+`%2Fdata%2Fticket-
sales-
gold.txt`](http://localhost:8000/run?task=The+SQLite+database+file+%60%2Fdata%2Fticket-
sales.db%60+has+a+%60tickets%60+with+columns+%60type%60%2C+%60units%60%2C+and+%60price%60.+Each+row+is+a+customer+bid+for+a+concert+ticket.+What+is+the+total+sales+of+all+the+items+in+the+%22Gold%22+ticket+type%3F+Write+the+number+in+%60%2Fdata%2Fticket-
sales-gold.txt%60) “HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:green_circle: HTTP 200 {  
“status”: “success”,  
“message”: “Task executed successfully”  
}

HTTP Request: GET <http://localhost:8000/read?path=/data/ticket-sales-
gold.txt> “HTTP/1.1 200 OK”

:white_check_mark: A10 PASSED

:dart: Score: 9 / 10 proof  
EDIT CREDIT CARD NUMBERS are 16 digits, so even there is discrepancy


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T12:51:37.874Z)

usage’: {‘prompt_tokens’: 1384,  
‘completion_tokens’: 67,  
‘total_tokens’: 1451,  
‘prompt_tokens_details’: {‘cached_tokens’: 0, ‘audio_tokens’: 0},  
‘completion_tokens_details’: {‘reasoning_tokens’: 0, ‘audio_tokens’: 0,
‘accepted_prediction_tokens’: 0, ‘rejected_prediction_tokens’: 0}},  
‘service_tier’: ‘default’, ‘system_fingerprint’: ‘fp_13eed4fce1’,  
‘monthlyCost’: 0.5243745800000005,  
‘cost’: 0.004554000000000001

GPT-4o mini  
Fine-tuning price  
Input:--------------------------> CALCUATION: (1384/10^6)*$0.30 = 0.0004152  
$0.30 / 1M tokens  
Cached input:  
$0.15 / 1M tokens  
Output:-------------------------> CALCUATION: (67/10^6)$1.20 = 0.0000804  
$1.20 / 1M tokens  
Training:  
$3.00 / 1M tokens  
TOTAL = 0.0004152 + 0.0000804 = 0.0004956  
‘cost’: 0.004554000000000001 MAKE IT MAKE SENSE?  
‘total_tokens’: 1451, so only input and completion tokens used?  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
INFO: Uvicorn running on <http://0.0.0.0:8000> (Press CTRL+C to quit)  
INFO:root:10  
INFO:root:Inside run_task with task:  
Install `uv` (if required) and run the script
`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-/refs/heads/main/datagen.py`  
with `23f1002382@ds.study.iitm.ac.in` as the only argument

INFO:root:PRINTING RESPONSE:::PRINTING RESPONSE:::PRINTING RESPONSE:::  
{‘id’: ‘chatcmpl-B0pChhrBiCN8x8ueL2u57rwQiucl7’, ‘object’: ‘chat.completion’,
‘created’: 1739536527, ‘model’: ‘gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18’, ‘choices’:
[{‘index’: 0, ‘message’: {‘role’: ‘assistant’, ‘content’: None, ‘tool_calls’:
[{‘id’: ‘call_ULCgfFzpEcnGNditwVwGwRIS’, ‘type’: ‘function’, ‘function’:
{‘name’: ‘install_and_run_script’, ‘arguments’:
‘{“package”:“uv”,“args”:[“23f1002382@ds.study.iitm.ac.in”],“script_url”:“<https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-/refs/heads/main/datagen.py>”}’}}], ‘refusal’: None},
‘logprobs’: None, ‘finish_reason’: ‘tool_calls’}], ‘usage’: {‘prompt_tokens’:
1384, ‘completion_tokens’: 67, ‘total_tokens’: 1451, ‘prompt_tokens_details’:
{‘cached_tokens’: 0, ‘audio_tokens’: 0}, ‘completion_tokens_details’:
{‘reasoning_tokens’: 0, ‘audio_tokens’: 0, ‘accepted_prediction_tokens’: 0,
‘rejected_prediction_tokens’: 0}}, ‘service_tier’: ‘default’,
‘system_fingerprint’: ‘fp_13eed4fce1’, ‘monthlyCost’: 0.5243745800000005,
‘cost’: 0.004554000000000001, ‘monthlyRequests’: 217}

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) How is the usage calculated? Just asking not implying  
UPDATE: ITS EVEN MORE CHEAPER, I gave benefir of doubt better its much
cheaper? ???  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Layout:** * The image appears to be a screenshot of a webpage. The visible part of the URL in the browser bar is "openai.com/api/pricing/". * The page has a dark theme. * Two columns/panels are displayed side-by-side, each detailing the pricing for different GPT models. **Content of the Left Panel:** * **Model Name:** "GPT-4o" * **Description:** "High-intelligence model for complex tasks | 128k context length" * **Pricing Details:** * "Price" is a section header. * "Input:" $2.50 / 1M tokens * "Cached input:" $1.25 / 1M tokens * "Output:" $10.00 / 1M tokens **Content of the Right Panel:** * **Model Name:** "GPT-4o mini" * **Description:** "Affordable small model for fast, everyday tasks | 128k context length" * **Pricing Details:** * "Price" is a section header. * "Input:" $0.150 / 1M tokens * "Cached input:" $0.075 / 1M tokens * "Output:" $0.600 / 1M tokens **Additional UI elements:** * Top right "Log in" button * Bottom Center "Ask ChatGPT" button **In summary, the image shows the pricing comparison between OpenAI's GPT-4o and GPT-4o mini models, highlighting the cost per 1 million tokens for input, cached input, and output.**]Screenshot 2025-02-14 1838441695×879 52 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/a/7a085e66044ea9d25d6ad8e95640d6b635c9cd40.png "Screenshot 2025-02-14 183844")


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-14T13:02:49.800Z)

You can continue to $2. Then you would need to ask for a new token.


---
### Divjot Singh (2025-02-14T13:07:11.530Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) please upload recording of TDS
Week 5 - Session 2. Only recordings of session 1 & 3 have been uploaded.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T13:28:09.267Z)

[github.com](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1)

[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
appears to be a snapshot of a GitHub repository page. **Text:** *
"ANdleCOOL/TDS-Project-1": This is the name of the repository, with the user
"ANdleCOOL" owning the "TDS-Project-1" repository. * "2 Contributors":
Indicates that there are two contributors to the repository. * "0 Issues":
Shows that there are no open issues reported for the repository. * "1 Star":
Reveals that the repository has received one star. * "0 Forks": Indicates that
there are no forks of this repository. **Objects/Features:** * A green blocky
image. * Icons representing contributors, issues, stars, and forks along with
the counts. * The GitHub logo. ]

### [GitHub - ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project-1)

Contribute to ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1 development by creating an account on
GitHub.

DONE WITH A TASK , you have to create DOCKER IMAGE THOUGH < HAVE ENV file with
keys , check the key value pair names, an cheers guy , we all get 9 marks
hopefully


---
### Saniya Naaz (2025-02-14T13:29:19.598Z)

For as task description like this

  * Write the # of Thursdays in `/data/extracts.txt` into `/data/extracts-count.txt`

I have given the prompt in such detail to the LLM but it is still not able to
understand the task because of the “#” symbol. The task is getting truncated
even before it reaches to the LLM.  
Can anyone help me on this because I have tried so many things to fix this but
nothing seems to help.


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-14T13:39:06.561Z)

Hi [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj), [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir,

I have created a docker file and run the application but it’s throwing error
for  
A2 task  
No such file or directory: ‘npx’  
Do i need give the node install in docker file?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-14T13:41:01.000Z)

Hash is just another way of writing “number”


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-14T13:51:49.280Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
sir i have tried to solve the A1. when I want to check the solution we are
asked for the datagen module as the evaluate.py have  
’

    
    
    ''from datagen import (
        get_markdown,
        get_dates,
        get_contacts,
        get_logs,
        get_docs,
        get_email,
        get_credit_card,
        get_comments,
        get_tickets,
    )
    '''
    

so do we need to download the datagen.py in the local system first…

Or it should be the part of the automation only…


---
### Abhay Sharma (2025-02-14T13:53:07.372Z)

I am getting internal server error for task A1, I have been trying for a long
time. It may be possible that i have issues with my ai_proxy token thus tell
how to properly set the taken.


---
### Saniya Naaz (2025-02-14T14:05:45.308Z)

Yes I know that but LLM does not know that # indicates number. And no prompt
is fixing this issue because the task has to be passed as query parameter and
by the time LLM reads the task, it is already half gone due to #.


---
### B Varun karthik (2025-02-14T14:13:13.898Z)

Where to find AIProxy token from?


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-02-14T14:16:15.399Z)

what if we are out of token sir how do we complete our project then?


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-02-14T14:17:20.568Z)

could u share your code once i think you should explicitly try to install npx
in your code


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-02-14T14:19:01.883Z)

[Image description: Here's a description of the image: * **Subject:** The
image primarily features the top portion of a cartoon character, specifically
Monkey D. Luffy from the anime/manga series "One Piece." * **Appearance:**
Luffy is recognizable by his distinctive straw hat with a red band, a
signature accessory that is central to his character. His black, spiky hair is
also visible beneath the hat. Only a part of his face is shown, including his
determined eyes. * **Background:** The background is a solid, light orange or
peach color. * **Details:** The straw hat has a slightly worn or textured
appearance. The image quality suggests it might be a digital illustration or a
frame taken from an animated scene.] 23f1002382:

> ANDIECOOLER2

could you help me out with q2?


---
### B Varun karthik (2025-02-14T14:19:08.253Z)

Can you tell me where to get the AIPROXY Token from and also are u able to
execute docker image push command it keeps showing as an error to me


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-14T14:19:40.681Z)


    def format_with_prettier(file_path:str, prettier_version:str):
        if file_path and os.path.exists(file_path):
            print('Path exisit - will perform prettier')
            subprocess.run(["npx", f"prettier@{prettier_version}", "--write", file_path])
        else:
            raise FileNotFoundError()
    

This is my code


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-02-14T14:21:56.574Z)

this isnt also working are you sure its right?


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-02-14T14:22:42.231Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Context:** *
The image is a screenshot of a code editor (likely VS Code) displaying Python
code. * There are three main panels: the code editor panel, the
problems/output/debug console/terminal/ports panel. * The code editor panel
displays the contents of the file "main.py". * The terminal panel is visible,
displaying the output of the code. **Code (main.py):** * The code defines a
function `handle_task_A2` that takes two string arguments: `file_path` and
`prettier_version`. * The function checks if the `file_path` is valid (not
empty) and if the file exists using `os.path.exists(file_path)`. * If the file
exists, it prints a message "Path exisit - will perform prettier" to the
console. * It then uses the `subprocess.run` function to execute a command.
The command runs "npx" with arguments to use a specific version of Prettier
(specified by `prettier_version`) to format the file located at `file_path`
and write the changes directly to the file. * If the file does not exist, it
raises a `FileNotFoundError`. **Terminal Output:** * The terminal output shows
the before and after of applying prettier to the file `/data/format.md`. *
**AEXPECTED:** section displays the original content of `/data/format.md`
including formatting such as extra spaces, trailing whitespace, and markdown
list markers. * **ARESULT:** section displays the expected result after
prettier has been applied to `/data/format.md`. In this case, nothing appears
to have changed. **Overall Impression:** The image shows a code formatting
process. The `handle_task_A2` function is used to apply a specific version of
Prettier to a given file. The terminal output displays the content of the file
before and after formatting. In the specific instance shown, the file
`/data/format.md` is being processed but Prettier doesn't change anything in
its contents. ]image1027×917 28.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/b/dbd85efd1bbce9710794cb0434a90d37a8c20a25.png
"image")


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-14T14:24:13.838Z)

okay but in my docker image when i tried to run that in local, its asking for
npx and it doesnt work


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-02-14T14:25:02.922Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) could you please give a hint as to why this isnt
working


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-02-14T14:25:35.496Z)

im running locally first and then will use docker when i get a 10/10 score


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-14T14:27:05.634Z)

Okay, actually when i tried with local, i’m facing path error

    
    
    ./data/format.md
    [WinError 2] The system cannot find the file specified
    

So that’s why i moved to docker but there also i’m getting error for A2.


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-02-14T14:28:35.283Z)

you should manually check if the file really exists or not because i think the
code and the folder where datagen.py is downloading files(data folder) are
different


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-14T14:30:50.228Z)

yes yes i moved the folder to current working directory


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-14T14:42:57.529Z)

If you are using the function calling approach, you could just parse the ‘#’
and change it to ‘number’ and then send the prompt to the llm for that
particular task.

Or another approach is tell the llm,

If you ever see the phrase ‘count the # of’ in a task, please interpret it as
‘count the number of’. For example  
Count the # of Fridays means  
Count the number of Fridays


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-02-14T14:51:01.614Z)

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-02-14 2018541919×1015 81.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/d/3dacf2bf3fd48309342a483aeb249f46faf1dc55.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-14 201854")

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) this is showing while docker image
is running


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T15:06:44.218Z)

in project page, ctrl+F and search ai proxy, one link s.anandProxy or
something, there it will validate you email and get you your token.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T15:08:15.660Z)

can you share your code for dynamic code generation, i dont have the base to
start with , can you send me the code?  
whatever this image is , llm_code,oy and etc


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-02-14T15:20:58.709Z)

What file should we have while pushing it to git and making image  
should datagen file and data be there or not?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-14T15:24:08.470Z)

Please read the deliverables and evalute section.

datagen.py and evaluate.py were for only for your testing purposes so that you
have an idea of the workflow and how the evaluation works. They are NOT part
of your project submission.

Only DO what the project page tells you in the deliverables and evalute
sections.

Kind regards


---
### Sourabh Raj (2025-02-14T16:01:26.721Z)

sir i am getting this error by running the docker image  

[[Image description: The image shows a traceback from a Python program.
Specifically, it is a `ModuleNotFoundError` indicating that the 'fastapi'
module is not found. The traceback points to line 11 of the file
"/app/app.py", where the code attempts to import `FastAPI` from the `fastapi`
module: `from fastapi import FastAPI`. This error typically means that the
FastAPI library is not installed in the current Python environment.
]image656×116 3.28 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/d/7d16a8ef3054bbd7db0999d3efcf5aaadae798d5.png
"image")

i tried troubleshooting this for hours but no luck could you please tell me
what i did wrong here


---
### Vivek  (2025-02-14T16:05:32.054Z)

i can help you up, if you need my help you can email me


---
### 23f3001356 (2025-02-14T16:34:56.570Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) Sir please tell me this I am not using podman i am
using docker for building and hosting is it fine sir ?


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-14T16:56:52.460Z)

Hey [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) , I actually submitted the
project already in the morning,  
I included all the deliverables and things mentioned in the evaluation
section.

But since I was actively testing with the - `datagen.py` and `evaluate.py`, I
forgot to remove them before submission.

However these files do not play a role in my project execution in any way,
they just sit idle. Will there be any issue?


---
### Jayaram (2025-02-14T16:57:01.976Z)

when trying to use function call way of open api

    
    
    tools = [
        {
            "type": "function",
            "function": {
                "name": "extract_email_sender",
                "description": "Extract sender email from a specific file in directory",
                "parameters": {},
                "strict": True
            }
        },
        {
            "type": "function",
            "function": {
                "name": "count_day_of_week",
                "description": "To count the occurances of a specific day of a week in a file with various dates",
                "parameters": {
                    "type": "object",
                    "properties": {
                        "day_of_week": {
                            "type": "string",
                            "description": "day of week"
                        }
                    },
                    "required": ["day_of_week"],
                    "additionalProperties": False
                },
                "strict": True
            }
        }
    ]
    
    
    
        payload = {
            "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
            "messages": [
                {"role": "user", "content": user_input},
                    
            ],      
    	"tools": tools,
        "tool_choice": "auto",
        "max_tokens": 500,
        "temperature": 0.7
        }
    

facing the below issue  
ror’: {‘message’: “Invalid type for ‘tools[0]’: expected an object, but got an
array instead.”


---
### Anvitha (2025-02-14T17:04:07.947Z)

when i run POST request t is showing output “HTTP/1.1 200 OK” but when i give
GET request it is showing HTTP/1.1" 404 Not Found. Can you please say how can
it be solved


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-14T17:06:05.703Z)

These files are inside a separate folder - `evaluation` in my project root
directory. Since I already submitted please do consider.

Thanks & Regards  
Pradeep


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-14T17:09:07.670Z)

This indicates your task execution returns “HTTP/1.1 200 OK” but the execution
doesn’t creates the required file in the given location that the evaluation
script is requesting.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T17:09:40.757Z)

If have doubts in building DOCKER stuff can you help me debug

PLEASE SENPAI

:fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::fish_cake::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls::dolls:


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-14T17:10:23.045Z)

sure!! how can I help?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T17:10:55.142Z)

+1  
SENPAI is right :innocent:


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T17:12:09.065Z)

not yet maybe in an hour, im building, but after that running in docker is
different ball game, thats why , i need quick debugs in a meeting, other
people also can join, maybe tomorrow, i have an exam tomorrow, so preferably ,
collectively before project submission . IF YOU HAVE TIME


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-14T17:14:03.094Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** *
The image shows a cropped portion of what appears to be a digital illustration
or image of a cartoon character. * **Character:** It seems to be a stylized
depiction of Monkey D. Luffy, the protagonist from the popular anime and manga
series, "One Piece." This is indicated by: * **Straw Hat:** The character is
wearing a distinctive straw hat with a red band, a signature feature of Luffy.
* **Hair:** The dark hair peeking out from under the hat is consistent with
Luffy's hair. * **Color Palette:** The overall color scheme is warm, with a
light orange background and yellow for the hat. * **Cropping:** The image is
cropped at the top and bottom, focusing primarily on the character's face and
hat. **Possible Context or Questions:** This image could be used for: *
**Identification:** Asking "Who is this character?" or "From what series is
this character?" * **Character Recognition:** Testing someone's knowledge of
"One Piece" or anime/manga characters. * **Stylistic Analysis:** Discussing
the art style or how the character is represented. * **Mood or Emotion:** It
could be used in relation to feelings/emotions associated with the character.]
23f1002382:

> Sure tell me I would try, if I am online then otherwise tomorrow if it’s
> late


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-14T17:30:23.474Z)

I am getting this error while pulling docker image

ansh@Lenovo:~/llm_project$ podman pull
[docker.io/ansh205/llm_project:final](http://docker.io/ansh205/llm_project:final)  
Trying to pull
[docker.io/ansh205/llm_project:final](http://docker.io/ansh205/llm_project:final)…  
Error: parsing image configuration: Get “[https://docker-images-
prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com/registry-v2/docker/registry/v2/blobs/sha256/07/079f65bc553514a8f38a08fd959e932ca984894a64eed71fca406f3353b71d3b/data?X-Amz-
Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-
Credential=f1baa2dd9b876aeb89efebbfc9e5d5f4%2F20250214%2Fauto%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-
Date=20250214T172706Z&X-Amz-Expires=1200&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-
Signature=073575bf08338fcdda378b997ebe749b15a6b676ed7b80fbf4c3f8080a791152](https://docker-
images-
prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com/registry-v2/docker/registry/v2/blobs/sha256/07/079f65bc553514a8f38a08fd959e932ca984894a64eed71fca406f3353b71d3b/data?X-Amz-
Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-
Credential=f1baa2dd9b876aeb89efebbfc9e5d5f4%2F20250214%2Fauto%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-
Date=20250214T172706Z&X-Amz-Expires=1200&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-
Signature=073575bf08338fcdda378b997ebe749b15a6b676ed7b80fbf4c3f8080a791152)”:
dial tcp: lookup [docker-images-
prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com](http://docker-
images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com) on
10.255.255.254:53: server misbehavingPreformatted text


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-14T17:50:37.272Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
sir please provide me other api key. My current request cost is full.

Full LLM Response: {‘message’: ‘On 2025-02 you used $2.000143640000001,
exceeding $2’}


---
### Jayaram (2025-02-14T17:54:51.017Z)


     curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/run?task=Extract%20sender%20email
      % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current
                                     Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed
    100    36  100    36    0     0      9      0  0:00:04  0:00:03  0:00:01     9{"results":"wrighttara@example.net"}
    

is this expectation of having %20 for blanks in query string fine ?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T18:00:47.841Z)

docker run -e OPEN_AI_PROXY_TOKEN=your_token_value  
-e OPEN_AI_PROXY_URL=your_proxy_url   
-e OPEN_AI_EMBEDDING_URL=your_embedding_url   
-p 8000:8000

how do we get out urls inside, hardcode?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T18:44:42.380Z)

Can you help with docker size image?  
is it 2 GB?


---
### Maulik Dang (2025-02-14T19:25:07.571Z)

I want to reset my aiproxys i have used them all if i could even buy some
would work i need it to test my app or could iitm help in resetting it please
tell


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-02-14T19:33:27.385Z)

could u help me in q9 thats the one left


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-02-14T19:34:15.132Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) my aiproxy is also exhausted please help me out


---
### Naman Gupta (2025-02-14T19:35:02.251Z)

sir my api tokens limit reached to one dollar , hiw to reset it


---
### Maulik Dang (2025-02-14T19:39:31.640Z)

bro can you help me with q2


---
### JAHAR KUMAR PAUL (2025-02-14T20:00:49.013Z)

How to handle task a8 ? I tried pytesseract but gave wrong results.EasyOCR is
giving the exact answer so tried in docker but some Model download is
interrupting the flow of evaluate.py resulting in error .  
I appreciate any help/procedure or code to handle taska8.  
Thanks in advance.


---
### Maulik Dang (2025-02-14T20:10:42.788Z)

Did you get any solution to this


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-14T20:14:40.100Z)

u can use groq api groq api is compatible with openai


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T20:19:32.979Z)

whats up?  
/////////////////////


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-14T20:22:37.469Z)

bro can please check my repo i am only able to do 7 tasks.

repo url: [GitHub - 23f2005593/tds-project-1: TDS Project
1](https://github.com/23f2005593/tds-project-1)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-14T20:34:21.048Z)

got the docker working?


---
### Shahsank J Shetty (2025-02-14T21:26:37.667Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jeeveash.k](/u/jeeveash.k)  
sir i submitted the wrong docker image file while submitted the form. Can you
please let me change it, or make it such that we can reupload it  
thank you.


---
### Anand S (2025-02-14T21:43:12.220Z)

22f3001011 I’ve enabled “Allow response editing” on the form. I _think_ that
means you can edit your response… but since you had submitted it before it was
enabled, I’m not sure what the procedure is. Worst case, please submit again.


---
### Chandapara Atul Ramabhai  (2025-02-14T21:53:15.084Z)

**Please make this change in evaluation.py**

In evaluation script url of datagen.py is different than actual one please
change it

evaluation.py line 72

Install `uv` (if required) and run the script
`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/datagen.py`

**change this to**

Install `uv` (if required) and run the script
`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/project-1/datagen.py`


---
### Maulik Dang (2025-02-14T22:56:20.796Z)

very true there is too much confusion Id like to ask if you know that
evaluate.py is mean to run only for
[user@example.com](mailto:user@example.com) or our own mail too because there
was written **You MUST use your Student Id** (eg.
22f3xxxxxx@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) **to do the Project, otherwise your score will
not be considered for evaluation.**


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-14T23:29:27.439Z)

Hi any one have any idea on the below,

    
    
    SyntaxError: illegal target for annotation
    

I’m getting this error only when i run the evaluate.py but in with postman it
works as expected.

Anyone please help on this


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-02-15T01:57:19.909Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Impression:** The
image shows a screenshot of a Visual Studio Code (VS Code) window running on a
Linux (Ubuntu) system. The window is displaying a Python script ("bm.py") and
the output from the terminal. **VS Code Elements:** * **Title Bar:** The title
bar indicates "LLM_1 [WSL: Ubuntu-24.04]". This shows that the editor is
connected to a Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) instance running Ubuntu
24.04. * **Explorer Pane (Left):** Shows a file structure within the project.
Key files visible are: * `app.py` * `bm.py` (likely the currently open file) *
`datagen.py` * `Dockerfile` * `requirements.txt` (probably a package list
file) * **Editor Pane (Center):** Displays the content of the Python script
`bm.py`. The script contains the following: * Imports `os` and `subprocess`
modules. * Prints the absolute path of the "/data" directory using
`os.path.abspath("/data")`. * Defines `script_url` as a URL pointing to a
`datagen.py` file on a GitHub repository. * Defines `email_arg` as
`'21f3002277@ds.study.iitm.ac.in'`. * Downloads the script from `script_url`
using `curl` command in a subprocess. * Executes the script `datagen.py` using
`uv run`, passing `email_arg` as an argument, with `check=True`. * **Panel
(Bottom):** Displays the output in the VS Code terminal. We see: *
**(LLM_venv) root@kash:/mnt/e/IITM/New/TDS/LLM_18 `uv run app.py`**: This
shows the execution command and the environment (likely a virtual environment
called `LLM_venv`). * INFO Messages: Indicating the server (Uvicorn) is
starting and running. * `CompletedProcess(args=['uv', 'run', 'llm.py'],
returncode=0, stdout='DISCLAIMER: THIS SCRIPT WILL CHANGE BEFORE THE
EVALUATION. TREAT THIS AS A GUIDE.\nFiles created at /data/data/n',
stderr=...)`: This shows the output of the first process launched, uv run
llm.py. It tells about where the files were created. * `127.0.0.1:55554 -
"POST /runTaskrun320 HTTP/1.1" 200 OK`: This seems to indicate an HTTP request
and response, with a 200 OK status code, suggesting a successful request. This
seems to be part of launching the python program with uvicorn. **Key Text
Elements:** * **URLs:** `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand8/tools-in-
data-science-public/tds-2025-01/project-1/datagen.py` * **Email Address:**
`21f3002277@ds.study.iitm.ac.in` * **File Paths:** `/data` * **Commands:**
`curl`, `uv run` **Interpretation and Potential Questions:** This image
appears to be related to a data science project, likely an evaluation or test
scenario. A Python script `bm.py` downloads and executes another Python script
`datagen.py`. The output in the terminal shows the results and output of the
programs. Possible questions that could be answered using this image: * What
is the URL of the `datagen.py` script? * What email address is used as an
argument when running `datagen.py`? * What command is used to download the
`datagen.py` script? * What is the file path where files are created? * What
is the return code from the main uv run call? * What is the status code of the
HTTP request shown in the terminal? In summary, the image provides a snapshot
of a Python development environment with script execution and output.
]Screenshot 2025-02-15 0719101919×1021 71.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/e/ae2a4772672aef536d8e69b87e59e4f94853ebc8.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-15 071910")

sir why the datagen.py in not created in the tree and the data folder please
help me [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T02:08:18.515Z)

created in toot, cd /data in docker will take you there.


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-02-15T02:42:37.695Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image shows the Visual Studio Code (VS Code) IDE with
a Dockerfile open and running in a terminal within a Linux environment. The
IDE is running on what appears to be Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) based
on the title bar. **IDE Elements:** * **Title Bar:** Displays the project
location: "LLM\\_1 [WSL: Ubuntu-24.04]". * **Explorer Pane (Left):** Shows a
file directory structure. The visible files and directories include: *
`.__pycache__` * `llm_venv` * `app.py` * `datagen.py` * `Dockerfile` *
`re.txt` * **Editor Pane (Center):** Displays the contents of the
`Dockerfile`. * **Bottom Panel:** Contains tabs for "Outline", "Timeline",
"Problems", "Output", "Debug Console", "Terminal", and "Ports". The "Terminal"
tab is currently active, showing the output of the running application. *
**Status Bar:** Shows information like the active language mode ("Docker"),
line and column numbers, and other IDE details. **Dockerfile Content:** The
Dockerfile contains instructions for building a Docker image. Here's a
breakdown: 1\. `FROM python:3.12-slim-bookworm`: Specifies the base image as
Python 3.12 (slim version based on Debian Bookworm). 2\. Comments indicating
the need for `curl` and `ca-certificates` for downloading. 3\. `RUN apt-get
update && apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends curl ca-certificates`:
Updates the package list and installs `curl` and `ca-certificates`. 4\. `ADD
https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh uv-installer.sh`: Downloads a script from a
specified URL and adds it to the Docker image as `uv-installer.sh`. 5\. `RUN
sh uv-installer.sh && rm uv-installer.sh`: Executes the installer script and
removes it after execution. 6\. `ENV PATH="/root/.local/bin:$PATH"`: Sets the
`PATH` environment variable to include a specific directory 7\. `WORKDIR
/app`: Sets the working directory inside the container to `/app`. 8\. `COPY
re.txt /app`: Copies the `re.txt` file from the host machine to the `/app`
directory within the container. 9\. `RUN pip install --no-cache-dir -r
re.txt`: Installs Python packages from a requirements file named `re.txt`
using `pip`. 10\. `RUN mkdir -p /data`: Creates a directory named `/data`.
11\. `COPY app.py /app`: Copies the `app.py` file to the `/app` directory.
12\. `CMD ["uv", "run", "app.py"]`: Specifies the command to run when the
container starts. This command uses "uv" to run the `app.py` file. **Terminal
Output:** The terminal output shows the application being run and indicates
the following: * The command `uv run app.py` was executed. * The application
is a Uvicorn server running on `http://0.0.0.0:8000`. * The server started
successfully. * There is a POST request to `127.0.0.1:55554` for
`/run_task==run128`, which retrieves data from a githubusercontent URL. * The
HTTP response status code is 200 OK. * Indication of data being written at
"/data/datan". * The script `datagen.py` is being called and processes some
data. **In summary, the image shows a developer working on a Python
application that leverages a Docker container for deployment. The Dockerfile
automates the setup of the application environment, including installing
dependencies and setting up the application to run using Uvicorn.**
]Screenshot 2025-02-15 0758431919×1017 70.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/2/d2cb339eab8983304f220c258a57f4db8cd76213.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-15 075843")

is changes is required in Dockerfile


---
### Lalith Seervi (2025-02-15T03:36:59.904Z)

i too got the same error you can change the the tools part in your payload to

    
    
    "tools": [{"type": "function", "function": schema} for schema in function_schema]
    


---
### Lalith Seervi (2025-02-15T03:42:16.807Z)

i think you have to run the following command

    
    
    uv run datagen.py <your_email> --root ./data
    

try to include --root ./data in your code


---
### Lalith Seervi (2025-02-15T03:47:05.826Z)

sorry i forgot the change the name of function_schema to tools please you do
that


---
### Tanush Tambe (2025-02-15T04:05:04.243Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Hello,  
just a silly question, if my code runs well in docker environment with `/data`
in root directory, will it be fine ?  
or should i keep the relative `./data` directory like in the lecture ?  
Thanks


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-15T04:22:25.373Z)

The reason in the lecture they were using ./data was because they were
debugging in their local machine not in the docker.

For the docker image (the official submission) you must use /data.  
It is a clear requirement mentioned in the project page.

Thats why it works fine when you use it in the docker image.

Kind regards


---
### Atimanas Biswal (2025-02-15T04:52:07.911Z)

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-02-15 101818858×521 24.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/9/69011e1ad4ea3c00a9294163be28e49ebc671faa.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-15 101818")

  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
hello sir i need help here. I have pushed my image into a docker repo and
trying to submit it on ht google form. but it is not accepting it and asking
to remove the tag .  
What do i do ?


---
### Shahsank J Shetty (2025-02-15T05:05:47.472Z)

Alright sir. Thank you very much for your help.


---
### Muhammed Adhil Pt (2025-02-15T06:03:11.059Z)

Are multiple submissions allowed for project?


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-02-15T06:20:07.084Z)

[[Image could not be described]A8720×1280 85.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/8/68423b54f8da150ecf68a17a19215d51def3ae83.jpeg
"A8")

  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

please check this one…


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-15T06:23:42.508Z)

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir,

For A2 do i need to install node in the docker? I’m getting error with npx.  
please suggest some way sir?


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-15T06:23:48.438Z)

if i have two repo on docker , is there any problem in that


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T07:15:04.110Z)

[[Image description: The image shows a server response, likely from an API
endpoint. Here's a breakdown: * **Status:** The response status is "500
Internal Server Error," indicating a problem on the server-side. This is
displayed in red text. * **Size:** The size of the response is "184 Bytes." *
**Time:** The response time is "792 ms," which is displayed in green text. *
**Response Body (JSON):** The body of the response is in JSON format,
indicated by the surrounding curly braces `{}`. * **"detail" field:** The JSON
contains a field called "detail." This field contains a string that describes
the error. The error message indicates an authentication problem: "Error code:
401 - {'error': {'message': 'Your authentication token is not from a valid
issuer.', 'type': 'invalid\\_request\\_error', 'param': None, 'code':
'invalid\\_issuer'}}". * The error message states that the authentication
token used in the request is not issued by a trusted or valid issuer. This
means the server doesn't recognize or trust the source that created the token.
* The error details also provide more specifics: * **Error code:** 401
(Unauthorized). * **Error type:** invalid\\_request\\_error. * **Param:** None
(no specific parameter caused the error). * **Code:** invalid\\_issuer
(specifically, the issuer of the token is not valid). * **Tabs:** Above the
JSON body are tabs labeled "Response," "Headers," "Cookies," "Results," and
"Docs." The "Response" tab is currently selected, which is why the JSON body
is displayed. The "Headers" tab has a number 5 after it, which might represent
the number of headers present. In essence, the image shows a server error
response that indicates an authentication failure. The provided token is from
an issuer that the server does not trust or recognize. ]image684×316 12.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/6/b63973070de46f577b8184dd1cdeae4449e60a64.png
"image")

  
why do i get this error? can someone please help me out [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@carlton](/u/carlton)…Anyone pls help


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T07:20:31.804Z)

can u please share the base proxy url


---
### Samra Ahmed  (2025-02-15T07:47:01.264Z)

I’m also getting the same error. I have used a proxy URL and token. Before, it
was working, but now it’s not.


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-02-15T07:59:47.243Z)

sir or anyone can you please provide what should be the content inside the
docker file … i am getting confuse like /data or python-slim etc  
… i am done with locally testing and only this thing left.


---
### Saniya Naaz (2025-02-15T08:02:21.376Z)

yes please explain somebody. What should be inside the dockerfile


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-15T08:08:08.614Z)

Hi ,

Anyone completed Task B, I don’t know how to combine task A (function calling)
and task B (self creating python code)

can anyone suggest how to do that? It will be really helpful


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T08:20:53.033Z)

“<http://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1>” use this as proxy URL. its
working for me now!


---
### Saravanan (2025-02-15T08:24:19.337Z)

How to resolve this?  
sarvan108@SURIYA:/mnt/c/Users/sarva/OneDrive/Documents/Knowledge/IIT Madras
Datascience/tds_pro$ uv run app.py  
Traceback (most recent call last):  
File “/mnt/c/Users/sarva/OneDrive/Documents/Knowledge/IIT Madras
Datascience/tds_pro/app.py”, line 10, in  
from fastapi import FastAPI  
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named ‘fastapi’  
sarvan108@SURIYA:/mnt/c/Users/sarva/OneDrive/Documents/Knowledge/IIT Madras
Datascience/tds_pro$ pip show fastapi  
WARNING: Package(s) not found: fastapi  
sarvan108@SURIYA:/mnt/c/Users/sarva/OneDrive/Documents/Knowledge/IIT Madras
Datascience/tds_pro$ pip install fastapi  
error: externally-managed-environment

× This environment is externally managed  
╰─> To install Python packages system-wide, try apt install  
python3-xyz, where xyz is the package you are trying to  
install.

    
    
    If you wish to install a non-Debian-packaged Python package,
    create a virtual environment using python3 -m venv path/to/venv.
    Then use path/to/venv/bin/python and path/to/venv/bin/pip. Make
    sure you have python3-full installed.
    
    If you wish to install a non-Debian packaged Python application,
    it may be easiest to use pipx install xyz, which will manage a
    virtual environment for you. Make sure you have pipx installed.
    
    See /usr/share/doc/python3.12/README.venv for more information.
    

note: If you believe this is a mistake, please contact your Python
installation or OS distribution provider. You can override this, at the risk
of breaking your Python installation or OS, by passing --break-system-
packages.  
hint: See PEP 668 for the detailed specification.


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-15T08:35:27.325Z)

sir,  
It is a humble requests from my side, to plz extend the deadline.  
Because student like who come from non technical background, are unable to
come up with this project…  
though we have somehow comeup with the GAs taking the helps of groups, seniors
and sessions.  
Moreover I am Dual Degree student. It is very hectic for me.  
Sir you won’t believe but I am continuously trying since last week. Specially
after the release of the sessions… Whole day and night have gone like nothing,
infront of the computer…  
Plz sir understand the situation and extend the deadline…


---
### Samra Ahmed  (2025-02-15T08:39:19.292Z)

[Image description: Certainly! Based on the image you sent, here's a detailed
description: **Content:** The image contains a single letter "S" in lowercase.
The letter is light blue or turquoise in color, slightly blurred, and appears
against a solid teal or dark turquoise background. **Key Features:** *
**Text:** The letter "s" is the primary focus. * **Color:** Light
blue/turquoise for the letter and dark teal/turquoise for the background. *
**Clarity:** The image is slightly blurred. * **Composition:** Simple, with
the letter centered in the frame. Let me know if you have any other questions
about the image!] 23f2003413:

> <http://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1>

For me it says invalid path


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-02-15T08:39:42.373Z)

[Image description: The image contains a JSON object with a single key-value
pair. The key is "message", and the value is a string that reads: "On 2025-02
you used $2.0037491399999996, exceeding $2". This message indicates that on
February 2025, the user exceeded their limit of $2, with the specific amount
used being $2.0037491399999996. ]

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### DHRUV (2025-02-15T08:43:54.893Z)

same issue happening with me even though working for last whole week only got
4 correct . please extend some time so we can complete the project as weekends
are the time when we get a day off from our primary college and can work with
full attention on this project.


---
### JAIDEEP M (2025-02-15T08:59:45.643Z)

it usually happens in some GNU/Linux OS. since you are using some distribution
based on Debian namely Ubuntu or whatever try doing sudo apt install python-
packagename (replace package name with fastapi for fastapi)  
then it works. It usually happens due to manual intervention with pip3 the
user might break some system dependencies which require some python3 package.
No need to worry about it.  
Another Fix: try using a virtual environment which is highly suggested since
there is no chance for you to interfere with the system packages.  
create a venv using python3 -m venv name_of_venv  
add this line to your .bashrc in ~ folder as source
/path/to/your/venv/location  
and run source .bashrc. This time no error occurs as you do everything in your
virtual environment you can install anything python3 package using pip3
install package name.  
It even happened for me

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Impression:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a terminal
session, likely on an Arch Linux system. It showcases commands related to
Python package installation using `pip`. The terminal output displays an error
initially, followed by the successful installation of the `numpy` package
within a virtual environment. **Key Text Elements:** 1\. **Error Message:**
The initial attempt to install `numpy` results in an error: `error:
externally-managed-environment`. This indicates that the system's Python
environment is configured to be managed by the OS package manager (pacman in
this case), and directly installing packages with `pip` is discouraged. 2\.
**Guidance and Suggestions:** * The system suggests using `pacman -S python-
xyz` (where xyz is the package name) to install packages system-wide. * It
recommends creating a virtual environment using `python -m venv path/to/venv`
for non-Arch-packaged Python packages. * It also suggests using `pipx` as a
tool for managing virtual environments and Python applications, provided that
`python-pipx` is installed via `pacman`. 3\. **Warning Note:** A note warns
the user that overriding the system package management and installing packages
with pip directly could potentially break the Python installation or OS. It
mentions using `--break-system-packages` as an option to override this. 4\.
**Virtual Environment Activation:** The line `source
/home/jaideep/.python3/bin/activate` indicates that the user activated a
Python virtual environment. 5\. **Successful Installation:** After activating
the virtual environment, the command `pip install numpy` runs successfully,
and the output shows `Requirement already satisfied: numpy in
./python3/lib/python3.13/site-packages (2.2.2)`. This indicates that numpy was
already installed within that virtual environment. **Other Relevant
Features:** * **Command Prompts:** The command prompts `jaideep@archlinux -`
indicate the user's username ("jaideep") and hostname ("archlinux"). * **Font
and Color Scheme:** The terminal uses a monospace font and a dark color
scheme, typical for terminal emulators. * The presence of a cursor `_` on the
last line of the terminal display also tells us that the shell is waiting for
further commands to be entered. **In summary, the image shows the process of
encountering an error while installing a Python package using `pip` on a
system with a managed Python environment, the system's suggestions for
installing packages, followed by the successful installation of the package
inside a virtual environment.** ]Screenshot_20250215_1433573841×1009 237
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/5/15e33e0ab5319a089a3cf734a66b3318dc7d08ac.png
"Screenshot_20250215_143357")


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-15T09:03:19.240Z)

Most of your questions and doubts will be solved in todays sessions. First 20
mins will be a clear overview of the logic and workflow and how evaluation
actually works.  
Rest of the session will be bug fixing and doubts.

Kind regards


---
### Jayesh Bansal (2025-02-15T09:10:10.123Z)

:warning: EXPECTED:  
Everybody significant bank herself them process build body. Price live size.
Assume begin better language east like machine.  
New customer green strategy.  
Feeling stock experience certainly history talk buy. Quality perform appear
human general religious feeling. Kid indicate fear word win carry.  
During professional sport growth citizen glass great student. Exactly receive
cause. Couple off current between role natural.  
Wind develop world next. Impact appear capital cold stock we. Quality get run
case huge that.  
Use century general above more region. Radio him quality stage. Truth least
military dinner growth.  
Study maybe source. For expect imagine.  
Analysis remain voice dog sit part. Safe them store spring life girl.  
House bring challenge. Tell but rock able great.  
Mouth president worker common Mr billion.

:warning: RESULT:  
“Everybody significant bank herself them process build body. Price live size.
Assume begin better language east like machine.\nNew customer green
strategy.\nFeeling stock experience certainly history talk buy. Quality
perform appear human general religious feeling. Kid indicate fear word win
carry.\nDuring professional sport growth citizen glass great student. Exactly
receive cause. Couple off current between role natural.\nWind develop world
next. Impact appear capital cold stock we. Quality get run case huge
that.\nUse century general above more region. Radio him quality stage. Truth
least military dinner growth.\nStudy maybe source. For expect
imagine.\nAnalysis remain voice dog sit part. Safe them store spring life
girl.\nHouse bring challenge. Tell but rock able great.\nMouth president
worker common Mr billion.”  
it is the error i am facing but when i am opening manually, i am not getting
any error, what should I do?  
this same issue is with 3-4 questions


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T10:02:56.723Z)

when will the session be conducted and how can we join it sir?


---
### Saravanan (2025-02-15T10:03:30.828Z)

Hi Thanks.  
Yes. it works when venv is created. But I see that it was working find in Week
5-Session 1 video without creating virtual environment.


---
### Praul Ayar (2025-02-15T10:12:37.060Z)

I will not submit project.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T10:27:38.324Z)

Get authentication token from this [AI
Proxy](https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/) and usage and follow documentation
for sending requests.  
[sanand0/aiproxy: Authorizing proxy for
LLMs](https://github.com/sanand0/aiproxy)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T10:28:22.183Z)

No Problems, just fill form with correct image name in google forms.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T10:28:56.422Z)

yes npx will require node to be installed.


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T10:31:05.324Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) when would today’s live session be conducted and how can
we attend it sir


---
### Rishit (2025-02-15T10:45:33.373Z)

evaluate.py is not working sir.


---
### AdithyaAcharya  (2025-02-15T10:53:42.320Z)

What if you run out of credits during or just before final evaluation?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T11:07:54.170Z)

This is only for testing on local machine.

In docker image keep /data.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T11:09:03.532Z)

One session is going live right now (from 3 to 5 pm).  
It will be visible from calendra.


---
### Vedant Bhanushali (2025-02-15T11:15:05.016Z)

sir,  
It is a humble requests from my side, to plz extend the deadline.  
Because student like who come from non technical background, are unable to
come up with this project…  
though we have somehow comeup with the GAs taking the helps of groups, seniors
and sessions.  
Moreover I am Dual Degree student. It is very hectic for me.  
Sir you won’t believe but I am continuously trying since last week. Specially
after the release of the sessions… Whole day and night have gone like nothing,
infront of the computer…  
Plz sir understand the situation and extend the deadline…


---
### Abhay Sharma (2025-02-15T11:15:42.013Z)

Sir, I have put my AIPROXY_TOKEN in .env file should I need to push the .env
file also in the github


---
### Naman Gupta (2025-02-15T11:21:06.394Z)

yes sir do we have to put env file also [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-15T11:31:22.936Z)

In the evaluation.py there is an import require named from datagen import some
stuff.  
which means inorder to run the evaluation.py we need to manually bring the
datagen.py in the working directory…

Because in order to run the evaluation.py we need the datagen. plz help…


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T11:32:33.850Z)

can someone send the meet link for the live session happening now


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-02-15T11:38:34.015Z)

Everytime I run datagen.py for the A1 task, the data file gets downloaded in
the C drive instead of the current project folder. I even tried to set the
current project folder as the root directory but it still downloads the files
in C drive and I cant seem to find a workaround this. Can someone please help
with this issue. Thanks!


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-02-15T11:42:30.317Z)

Can you please make the changes in the datagen.py file

config = {“root”: “/data”}

This is where I have been facing the issue.

The only solution I can think of is moving the /data folder from the root to
the project directory. which I am not sure is a good way to solve this issue.


---
### Chinnam Goutham Nischay (2025-02-15T12:03:17.621Z)

[ [Image could not be described]
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkUmOagUORE)


---
### Mayank Mehta (2025-02-15T12:04:54.730Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton)

please tell do we have to put this url in a variable for A1 task ?

<https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/project-1/datagen.py>


---
### Nelson Jochim DSouza (2025-02-15T12:06:18.314Z)

Task A9 fails.

> HTTP Request: POST <https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings>
> “HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized”  
>  :red_circle: A9 failed: ‘data’  
>  :x: A9 FAILED

If I run

    
    
    curl -X POST http://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings -H "Content-Type: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer $AIPROXY_TOKEN" -d '{"model": "text-embedding-3-small", "input": ["king", "queen"]}'
    

I get

    
    
    {
      "message": "Missing Authorization: Bearer header. See https://github.com/sanand0/aiproxy"
    }
    

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### shivam dubey (2025-02-15T12:08:35.195Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) sir [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir do i have to put env file
in docker


---
### Tanush Tambe (2025-02-15T12:23:41.857Z)

you have to give the `AIPROXY_TOKEN` to the evaluate.py by either  
bash - `export AIPROXY_TOKEN="your token"`  
or  
powershell - `$env:AIPROXY_TOKEN="your token"`  
the evaluate.py file takes the token to send request to embedding end point
for processing.  
so you have to set `AIPROXY_TOKEN` in both terminals  
i.e. app.py and evaluate.py teminals


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-02-15T12:29:10.140Z)

when I run the evaluation file, i get the following error - :yellow_circle:
Running task: Install `uv` (if required) and run the script
`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/datagen.py` with `user@example.com` as the only argument
:red_circle: A1 failed: All connection attempts failed :x: A1 FAILED

I am getting the following error when running the evaluation scripts, can
someone help me understand what this error is?


---
### Koustubh Ramakrishnan (2025-02-15T12:34:03.097Z)

Humble request to extend the deadline please. Finding it extremely difficult
and having time atleast till Sunday will be really helpful for working
professionals like me


---
### Nelson Jochim DSouza (2025-02-15T12:58:45.926Z)

All my tasks are running except A9. I have created a .env file and added my
token. Despite that I ran commands in both the terminals. A9 still fails.


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-02-15T12:59:11.585Z)

I second this, have been trying to debug the project for the past 1 week,
spending over 4 hours daily and yet facing issues everytime I reopen. An
extension of even 24 hours would be extremely appreciated. Please consider
this. Thanks.


---
### Mayank Mehta (2025-02-15T13:09:56.100Z)

same issue on my side as well


---
### Mayank Mehta (2025-02-15T13:10:27.279Z)

how u did A2  
could u please share ?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T13:21:11.144Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN  
what abt m url stuff?


---
### Narendra (2025-02-15T13:24:31.715Z)

Sir, I request you to Please extend the deadline, Because it is time consuming
and regular Students and Working professionals have only saturday and sunday
to complete this project.

Thanks


---
### Tanush Tambe (2025-02-15T13:32:08.963Z)

also, in evaluate.py file, the embedding url is wrong and the AIPROXY_TOKEN is
changed to OPENAI_API_TOKEN or something. i could send you edited evaluate.py…
check your messages on discourse


---
### Nelson Jochim DSouza (2025-02-15T13:40:33.913Z)

On bash it gives below output. On PowerShell it says missing authorization. A9
is failed.

[[Image could not be described]image907×661 26.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/4/040960e1d380f811ec53df35434564307fbd8388.png
"image")

In PowerShell  

[[Image could not be described]image967×292 16.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/d/bd8b1f78ee2e9e130956f545a8e96d89d6785b2e.png
"image")


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-02-15T13:45:17.659Z)

My data is getting generated -  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on text
and relevant features: **Overall Impression:** The image is a screenshot of a
web browser displaying a JSON response. The response lists files generated by
a data generation task. **Key Text and Features:** * **Browser Address Bar:**
The address bar shows the URL `127.0.0.1:8000/run?task=Install uv X` and
`127.0.0.1:8000/run?task=Install%20`. This suggests that the application is
running locally on port 8000. The `task` parameter in the URL is "Install"
with a likely incomplete text, suggesting an incomplete installation process.
* **"Pretty-print" Checkbox:** A "Pretty-print" checkbox indicates that the
JSON output is likely formatted for better readability. * **JSON Response:**
The main body of the image contains a JSON object with two key-value pairs: *
`"files"`: This is an array (list) containing the names of the generated
files. The files include: `"comments.txt"`, `"contacts.json"`,
`"credit_card.png"`, `"dates.txt"`, `"docs"`, `"email.txt"`, `"format.md"`,
`"logs"`, `"ticket-sales-gold.txt"`, and `"ticket-sales.db"`. The extensions
of these files vary, indicating different file types (text files, JSON files,
a PNG image, a database file, markdown file). * `"message"`: The value is
`"Data generation complete"`, indicating that the data generation task
executed successfully. **In Summary:** The image shows a successful data
generation process on a local server, producing a variety of files that could
potentially contain sensitive or important information. ]image459×454 12.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/f/ffe4cd24a993c763714ff420d85a202940240cfa.png
"image")

  
despite this I am getting an error when evaluating the file with no
explanation of the error. Can someone please help with this.  
:yellow_circle: Running task: Install `uv` (if required) and run the script
`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/datagen.py`  
with `user@example.com` as the only argument

:red_circle: A1 failed:

:x: A1 FAILED


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-02-15T13:47:58.449Z)

[[Image description: The image shows a code editor, likely VS Code, with a
Markdown file named `format.md` open. The file contains a mix of Markdown
syntax and a snippet of Python code. Here's a breakdown of the content: *
**File Name:** `format.md` * **File Path:** Within a folder named `data` *
**Markdown Content:** * Line 1: `#Unformatted Markdown` (A level 1 heading) *
Line 3: `This is a sample paragraph with extra spaces and trailing
whitespace.` (A paragraph with formatting issues, indicated by the text.) *
Lines 4-7: A bulleted list: * `- First item` * `- Second item` * `+Third item`
* `* Fourth item` (Note the inconsistent use of `-`, `+`, and `*` for the list
items) * **Python Code Block:** * Lines 9-12: A fenced code block, indicated
by triple backticks (\\`\\`\\`). The language is specified as `py` (Python) on
line 9. * Line 10: `print("user@example.com")` (Python code that prints the
email address "user@example.com" to the console) In summary, the image
displays an unformatted Markdown document with a simple Python code snippet
embedded within it. The Markdown content contains a heading, a paragraph with
whitespace issues, and an inconsistent bulleted list. ]image820×404 12.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/f/ffcb4192d3b1be3bc881e54720f2baa8d1b8a51e.png
"image")

  
Even the markdown file shows the correct email. What are the possible issues
that I could be facing with this one.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T13:57:58.100Z)

[Image could not be described] [github.com](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project-1/tree/main)

### [GitHub - ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project-1/tree/main)

[main](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1/tree/main)

Contribute to ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1 development by creating an account on
GitHub.

ATLEAST 6 minimum score use at own risk(MIT LICENCE xD)  
  
  
BUILD TIME TAKES 2 mins  
WITH DOCKER FILE

    
    
    @ANdIeCOOl ➜ /workspaces/TDS-Project-1/tds-project-1 (main) $ docker build -t tds-project-1 .
    [+] Building 123.9s (13/13) FINISHED                                                                       docker:default
     => [internal] load build definition from Dockerfile                                                                 0.0s
     => => transferring dockerfile: 1.18kB                                                                               0.0s
     => [internal] load metadata for docker.io/library/python:3.11-slim                                                  2.2s
     => [auth] library/python:pull token for registry-1.docker.io                                                        0.0s
     => [internal] load .dockerignore                                                                                    0.0s
     => => transferring context: 2B                                                                                      0.0s
     => [internal] load build context                                                                                    0.1s
     => => transferring context: 34.30kB                                                                                 0.0s
     => [1/7] FROM docker.io/library/python:3.11-slim@sha256:42420f737ba91d509fc60d5ed65ed0492678a90c561e1fa08786ae8ba8  8.7s
     => => resolve docker.io/library/python:3.11-slim@sha256:42420f737ba91d509fc60d5ed65ed0492678a90c561e1fa08786ae8ba8  0.0s
     => => sha256:2c2c44fb54acb184dbedee948d7ba6460b1075a60a014d66857ce46543d4d840 5.29kB / 5.29kB                       0.0s
     => => sha256:c29f5b76f736a8b555fd191c48d6581bb918bcd605a7cbcc76205dd6acff3260 28.21MB / 28.21MB                     0.7s
     => => sha256:73c4bbda278d9a2b5133d6dabfac3eec43a92b8c8c15da914f298b4c966bea53 3.51MB / 3.51MB                       0.9s
     => => sha256:acc53c3e87ac87c98e44b79e0d2a6293146650f5cba576f424dab77f8c0a4335 16.20MB / 16.20MB                     1.6s
     => => sha256:42420f737ba91d509fc60d5ed65ed0492678a90c561e1fa08786ae8ba8b52eda 9.13kB / 9.13kB                       0.0s
     => => sha256:a66bd09b8d35bb52cd106a94c23a94ba22e6fde6bd13d6c5912ec4f5888a7f14 1.75kB / 1.75kB                       0.0s
     => => extracting sha256:c29f5b76f736a8b555fd191c48d6581bb918bcd605a7cbcc76205dd6acff3260                            2.2s
     => => sha256:ad3b14759e4f8c9a73d51c897a8b96f022ec96ffc237502ad3f1f12b0b0e361f 249B / 249B                           1.9s
     => => extracting sha256:73c4bbda278d9a2b5133d6dabfac3eec43a92b8c8c15da914f298b4c966bea53                            0.2s
     => => extracting sha256:acc53c3e87ac87c98e44b79e0d2a6293146650f5cba576f424dab77f8c0a4335                            1.4s
     => => extracting sha256:ad3b14759e4f8c9a73d51c897a8b96f022ec96ffc237502ad3f1f12b0b0e361f                            0.0s
     => [2/7] WORKDIR /app                                                                                               0.2s
     => [3/7] RUN pip install --upgrade pip setuptools wheel                                                             8.7s
     => [4/7] RUN apt-get update && apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends     gcc     g++     make     libffi-dev  84.5s
     => [5/7] RUN npm install -g prettier                                                                                1.5s
     => [6/7] COPY app /app                                                                                              0.1s
     => [7/7] RUN pip install uv                                                                                         4.5s
     => exporting to image                                                                                              13.4s
     => => exporting layers                                                                                             13.4s
     => => writing image sha256:39add91710bc7970d44dae04b3f4a0c4f227d1471fac4df7b01cec86ce7af3cf                         0.0s
     => => naming to docker.io/library/tds-project-1                                                                     0.0s
    

@ANdIeCOOl ➜ /workspaces/TDS-Project-1/tds-project-1 (main) $ docker images  
REPOSITORY TAG IMAGE ID CREATED SIZE  
tds-project-1 latest 39add91710bc 31 seconds ago 923MB

if this cause any issues please notify [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Sarthak Saklani (2025-02-15T14:00:16.470Z)

in phase B tasks are we supposed to create files to store the output or return
it in the response ???

Please answer ASAP sir.


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-02-15T14:02:17.277Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
Respected Sir,  
I sincerely request you to kindly consider granting a one-day extension for
Project 1. Many key clarifications were provided in today’s session, and we
need just one additional day to effectively implement them. This extension
would be immensely helpful in ensuring a more refined submission.  
I truly appreciate your time and consideration.  
Thank you.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T14:07:14.907Z)

@all can everyone please test my image and let me know PLEASE. THIS IS THE
MOST YOU ALL CAN DO FOR ME. I WILL BE BERY GRATEFUL

[Image could not be described] [github.com](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project-1/tree/main)

### [GitHub - ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project-1/tree/main)

[main](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1/tree/main)

Contribute to ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1 development by creating an account on
GitHub.


---
### Sarthak Saklani (2025-02-15T14:08:05.189Z)

hey I have a few doubts, if something was said about this please say so.

  1. in Phase be tasks do we have to store the output in files or just return it in the response
  2. When I call my some of my endpoints using post man or CURL they work but if I run the evaluate.py it throws an error, this I think is a bug in the eval.py file.

any idea about these ?


---
### Jayaram (2025-02-15T14:22:28.484Z)

facing the issue on submission  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a form with two questions related to a project. * **First Question:**
"What is the link to your GitHub repository which has the code for Project 1?
*" * It provides an example format: "It should look like
https://github.com/user-name/repository-name" * The user's response is:
"https://github.com/rsjay1976/TDS-Project1-Ja" * **Second Question:** "What is
the name of the image published on DockerHub? *" * It provides an example
format: "It should look like user-name/image-name" * The user's response is:
"rsjay1976/tds-project1-Jan25" * Below the response, there's an error message:
"Must match pattern", indicating that the submitted value does not match the
required format or validation rules. In summary, the image shows a user
providing a GitHub repository link and attempting to provide a DockerHub image
name, but the DockerHub image name entry does not meet the required pattern.
]image942×521 28.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/9/89bdffb424290fa15cf3f07c367b81fac5898b12.png
"image")


---
### Jayaram (2025-02-15T14:25:14.239Z)

please ignore the above… there was a upper case issue in image name… now fine


---
### Sagandeep Kaur (2025-02-15T14:35:04.549Z)

Is it import to use python 3.13?  
It is not stable yet


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T14:38:13.967Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content: The
image displays a Python traceback error. The code snippet involved attempts to
initialize an OpenAI client. **Key Elements:** 1\. **File Paths:** *
`/app/app.py` (Line 35): This indicates the primary script where the error
originates. * `/usr/local/lib/python3.12/site-packages/openai/_client.py`
(Line 110): This is within the OpenAI library files, specifically the
`_client.py` file. 2\. **Code Snippet:** * `client = OpenAI(`: This line shows
the attempt to create an OpenAI client. 3\. **Error Message:** *
`openai.OpenAIError: The api_key client option must be set either by passing
api_key to the client or by setting the OPENAI_API_KEY environment variable`:
This is the core of the problem. It clearly states that the OpenAI API key is
missing. It needs to be provided either directly when initializing the
`OpenAI` client, or through the environment variable `OPENAI_API_KEY`. In
summary, the image captures a Python error caused by a missing OpenAI API key
when trying to initialize the OpenAI client. The traceback shows where the
error occurred within the user's code (`app.py`) and within the OpenAI library
itself. ]image1831×146 7.91 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/6/d64ee81798b48ccad186d5051823d3f565424bc2.png
"image")

  
can someone help me fix this error [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Abhigyan Das (2025-02-15T14:40:37.732Z)

for the datagen script is it ok to hardcode the scripts url and my email id? I
understand the script itself may change but can I count on the link remaining
the same? Also is it necessary to pass the email as argument?


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-15T14:41:38.706Z)

from dotenv import load_dotenv  
load_dotenv()


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T14:45:08.620Z)

yahh i have it in my code…still facing the issue


---
### Abhigyan Das (2025-02-15T14:55:45.137Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [filler to extend length]


---
### Divjot Singh (2025-02-15T15:05:52.096Z)

whats the image’s name on Docker?


---
### Bhumanapalli Hrushi Kesava Reddy (2025-02-15T15:05:54.911Z)

just completed my sem exams started worrking on the project from 2 days please
give extension of deadline for the project sir


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-15T15:32:09.297Z)

dont we have to add the data folder or folder like datagen in the repo?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T15:33:23.890Z)

thats confidential, im not an idiot xD, that will get me definitely in trouble


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T15:33:55.303Z)

no, not really . Just your app


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-15T15:42:54.272Z)

in your project,in the app folder you have the data folder which is empty so
should I keep that or remove it


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-15T15:45:15.797Z)

and also will u be making any chnages in the repo


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T15:47:05.777Z)

File “/app/app.py”, line 35, in  
client = OpenAI(  
^^^^^^^  
File “/usr/local/lib/python3.12/site-packages/openai/_client.py”, line 110, in
**init**  
raise OpenAIError(  
openai.OpenAIError: The api_key client option must be set either by passing
api_key to the client or by setting the OPENAI_API_KEY environment variable
some pls help me fix this error!!


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T16:01:54.136Z)

Blunder in your `main.py`.  
You are using API_KEY = os.getenv(“AI_PROXY_TOKEN”) but it should be
AIPROXY_TOKEN.

Btw what you using for phase B?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T16:03:05.233Z)

yes i will change that


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T16:03:54.280Z)

nothing i think, i’ll import those generic functions and use tool usage only
probably if can’t crack dynamic code generation


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T16:04:55.343Z)

i don’t have that

[Image could not be described] [github.com](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project-1/tree/main/tds-project-1/app)

### [TDS-Project-1/tds-project-1/app at main · ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project-1](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1/tree/main/tds-
project-1/app)

Contribute to ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1 development by creating an account on
GitHub.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T16:05:12.024Z)

What we expect in project.

  1. server running inside docker container at 8000.
  2. And all files will be accessed from data folder in root directory.

Apart from these two you can have anything extra.


---
### Pratik Dey (2025-02-15T16:05:55.854Z)

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-02-15 2128261903×492 32.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/8/68c6be0490c5eb006c1edaa43f50996e440f8a03.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-15 212826")

  
how to fix this error ?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T16:05:58.397Z)

What problem you facing with that dynamic code generation part?


---
### Debjeet Singha (2025-02-15T16:06:26.583Z)

I have exhausted my api limit of $2. I need to test my project. Can you please
provide some more credits? [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T16:07:35.874Z)

no problem but im losing steam slowly, i need to buckle up and PUSH
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Yashvardhan (2025-02-15T16:08:57.535Z)

**Subject:** Request for Project Deadline Extension

Dear Sir,

This project is highly complex, and we need additional time to ensure its
successful completion. We kindly request an extension of the deadline to allow
for thorough testing and proper implementation. An extension would greatly
help us deliver the best results.

Thank you for your understanding [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T16:13:14.808Z)

This might be problem with network settings(unstable internet, firewall, VPN
interference)

try to debug it with help of chatgpt.

You can also use codespaces for trying another network.

[Streamlining setup with GitHub
Codespaces](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqQOu2JVI1o)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T16:13:42.738Z)

Push push [@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382)


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T16:18:02.598Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) is it fine if i have my AIPROXY_TOKEN in my code instead
of getting it as environment variable?


---
### Debjeet Singha (2025-02-15T16:20:06.323Z)

if you do that then during evaluation, it would use your credit limit. if it
gets exhausted, you may face problems. [@23f2003413](/u/23f2003413)


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-15T16:21:10.108Z)

[[Image description: The image shows a file explorer view, likely from a code
editor like Visual Studio Code. Here's a breakdown: * **Top-level
directories:** The project root is likely `TDS_ANDREW` (though this is
partially cut off). It contains the folders `TDS-Project-1` and `tds-
project-1` (different capitalization). * **`TDS-Project-1`:** This folder
contains `_pycache_` and `.venv` folders. * **`tds-project-1`:** This folder
contains `_pycache_` and `app` folders. The `app` folder contains `_pycache_`
and `data` folders. The `data` folder contains `__init__.py`,
`funtion_tasks.py`, `main.py`, and `task_to_embed.txt` files. * **Files in the
root of `tds-project-1`:** The directory also contains files like
`.gitignore`, `datagen.py`, `Dockerfile`, `evaluate.py`, `README.md`, and
`LICENSE`. * **File Status:** The files `datagen.py` and `evaluate.py` have
markers `2, U` and `3, U` next to their names. This suggests they're under
version control (likely Git), and these markers represent some sort of status
- possibly "Unmodified" or "Untracked" ("U") along with a line count
difference (2 and 3, respectively). * **Python related files:** The presence
of `__init__.py`, `.py` files, and `_pycache_` folders suggests this is a
Python project. * **Other files:** `Dockerfile` indicates the project is
potentially containerized. `README.md` and `LICENSE` are common project files.
In summary, the image shows a Python project structure, seemingly under
development and version control, potentially designed to be
containerized.]image266×559 12.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/e/ce7f8f838b86960153991fdea76f15b4a50f80f7.png
"image")

  
this is what i am doing first using the podman given in the portal and then
running the evaluate.py file


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T16:21:31.012Z)

ahhh okay, but i am getting an error while trying to fetch the token as an
environment variable. any suggestions to fix this issue?


---
### Debjeet Singha (2025-02-15T16:22:17.623Z)

you can use python-dotenv. check that out.


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T16:23:07.849Z)

tried that still not getting T_T anyways thanks mate!


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-15T16:25:07.138Z)

No don’t do that, just follow the procedure.  
Two problems with keeping token in file.

  1. It will become public after you push to github.
  2. While running evaluation script after submission your token might run out of credits.


---
### Divjot Singh (2025-02-15T16:27:24.797Z)

ohh yes, didn’t think it through xD


---
### Anulekha Pandi S (2025-02-15T16:29:14.206Z)

I am facing the same error. and I have checked for solutions and found none.
Did you resolve it? If yes can you please guide me through it?


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T16:34:00.432Z)

{  
“detail”: “Error code: 401 - {‘error’: {‘message’: ‘Your authentication token
is not from a valid issuer.’, ‘type’: ‘invalid_request_error’, ‘param’: None,
‘code’: ‘invalid_issuer’}}”  
} getting this error sir


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T16:40:47.374Z)

[Image could not be described] [github.com](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project-1/tree/main/tds-project-1/app)

### [TDS-Project-1/tds-project-1/app at main · ANdIeCOOl/TDS-
Project-1](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1/tree/main/tds-
project-1/app)

Contribute to ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project-1 development by creating an account on
GitHub.

i keep updating, check this


---
### Ayush Tiwari (2025-02-15T16:47:32.801Z)

Please extend deadline by 1 day. i just got discharged from hospital today,
was suffering from liver problem since some days and got high heart beat due
to a medicine unrelated to liver and made me got admitted@Jivraj


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-15T16:49:06.628Z)

11:59 + 5 hours atthe most, [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) ? :face_holding_back_tears:
:face_holding_back_tears: :face_holding_back_tears:


---
### Jayakrishnan (2025-02-15T20:11:45.990Z)

11 posts were split to a new topic: [Project 1 - Casual
banter](/t/project-1-casual-banter/167344)


---
### shivam dubey (2025-02-15T16:59:47.955Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir do have to add datagen in
the docker container?  
As when I’m running it locally, it gives 9/10, but when I pull it from Hub and
run eval, it says:detail": “[Errno 2] No such file or directory:
‘/data/datagen.py’”


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T17:03:12.600Z)

[[Image description: The image shows a JSON response displayed in a developer
tool or API testing interface. The response is an error message. Here's a
breakdown: * **Headers:** The interface has tabs at the top: "Response",
"Headers", "Cookies", "Results", and "Docs". The "Response" tab is currently
selected. * **JSON Response:** The core of the image is the JSON response. *
It starts with a curly brace `{` indicating a JSON object. * Line 2: The JSON
object contains a key "detail" whose value is a string. This string provides
more information about the error. The value includes: "Error code: 401", and a
nested error object "{'error': {...}}". * Line 2 (within the nested error
object): "message": "Your authentication token is not from a valid issuer." *
Line 2 (within the nested error object): "type": "invalid\\_request\\_error" *
Line 2 (within the nested error object): "param": None * Line 2 (within the
nested error object): "code": "invalid\\_issuer" * The JSON object is closed
with a curly brace `}` on line 3. * **Error:** The error indicates that the
authentication token being used is not issued by a trusted or recognized
authority (an "invalid issuer"). In summary, the image displays a JSON error
response with a 401 error code, indicating that the authentication token
provided is invalid because it's not from a valid issuer. ]image706×193 6.15
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/9/b9a4995efdbe57c4d2d865982896333f8faf0c8c.png
"image")

  
someone please help me fix this error


---
### Rohit Garg (2025-02-15T17:10:19.057Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) can you pl merge this

[github.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public](https://github.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public/pull/7)

####  [Update evaluate.py with correct link of datagen.py for task
`A1`](https://github.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public/pull/7)

`tds-2025-01` ← `rohitxiitm:patch-1`

opened 10:56AM - 15 Feb 25 UTC

[ [Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
features a young man standing outdoors. He is wearing a light beige, possibly
cotton, short-sleeved Kurta-style shirt with a stand-up collar and several
buttons down the front. The shirt has a casual, relaxed fit. The background
includes greenery such as vines and leaves, indicating an outdoor setting. To
the left, there appears to be part of a building with a glass window or door,
while to the right, there's a textured wall with some colorful, possibly
artistic, markings on it. The man is wearing bracelets on his right wrist,
including one with dark beads and another that is thin and reddish. He is
looking directly at the camera with a slight smile. The overall lighting of
the image is natural and soft. ] rohitxiitm ](https://github.com/rohitxiitm)

[ +1 -1 ](https://github.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/pull/7/files)

ppl are facing issues in evaluate.py for task A2


---
### Rohit Garg (2025-02-15T17:15:51.605Z)

folks, need a confirmation. i don’t know but i heard it from someone or
somewhere.  
we cannot send json in response, if it is success ? need to send text

is that really the case ?


---
### Anand S (2025-02-15T17:21:01.750Z)

[@rohitgarg](/u/rohitgarg) \- thanks for this. Merged your PR pointing to the
correct link for `evaluate.py`


---
### 23F3004407 RATANPRIYA SINGH (2025-02-15T18:07:41.953Z)

Sir from which session to which session is about tds project?


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-15T18:22:39.454Z)

week-5 session-1 & week-5 session-3


---
### Naga durga prasad E (2025-02-15T18:38:04.029Z)

Here is a Bruno collection (open source alternate for postman) for API testing
A1 to A6  
[bruno
collection](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11TsXO3_uOnKtHxN7hTgmzdX5Cszc2IUc/view?usp=sharing)


---
### Abhigyan Das (2025-02-15T18:44:11.463Z)

On my system evaulate.py is throwing an error on A2 trying to execute npx on
format.md before the llm is even invoked. However running the command directly
on the command line works.

evaluate.py:  
:red_circle: A2 failed: Command ‘[‘npx’, ‘prettier@3.4.2’, ‘–stdin-filepath’,
‘data/format.md’]’ returned non-zero exit status 2.

:x: A2 FAILED

bash:  
npx prettier@3.4.2 --stdin-filepath data/format.md

bash works as expected. Can someone help?


---
### Avnish Jajodia (2025-02-15T18:56:27.273Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
Is there a maximum size limit for the Docker Image?

Thanking you


---
### Aagman Chandra (2025-02-15T19:34:01.014Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

Hi ,

I am trying to build using both docker and podman but it failed on both. I
have watched many videos trying to resolve this adn also chatgpt in order to
resolve the issue but it seems to persist. I even uninstalled and reinstalled
both podman and doceker multiple times but no help.

When i run command docker build -t ___________ .

the error that comes is :

## Dockerfile:2

## 1 | # Use a lightweight Python image  
2 | >>> FROM python:3.12-slim  
3 |  
4 | # Set the working directory in the container

ERROR: failed to solve: python:3.12-slim: failed to resolve source metadata for [Docker Hub Container Image Library | App Containerization](http://docker.io/library/python:3.12-slim:) failed to copy: httpReadSeeker: failed open: failed to do request: Get “[https://docker-images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com/registry-v2/docker/registry/v2/blobs/sha256/6f/6f3c6367c5a38963f84310cbb24dfcfbddab1dad40cff18afb8fe89098891f08/data?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=f1baa2dd9b876aeb89efebbfc9e5d5f4%2F20250215%2Fauto%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20250215T192245Z&X-Amz-Expires=1200&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Signature=ed37cf0c346e2ed440f29638ec43ce66640bdc7d285e7be7bf25c308c46fd6b1](https://docker-images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com/registry-v2/docker/registry/v2/blobs/sha256/6f/6f3c6367c5a38963f84310cbb24dfcfbddab1dad40cff18afb8fe89098891f08/data?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=f1baa2dd9b876aeb89efebbfc9e5d5f4%2F20250215%2Fauto%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20250215T192245Z&X-Amz-Expires=1200&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Signature=ed37cf0c346e2ed440f29638ec43ce66640bdc7d285e7be7bf25c308c46fd6b1)”: dialing [docker-images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com:443](http://docker-images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com:443) container via direct connection because static system has no HTTPS proxy: connecting to [docker-images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com:443](http://docker-images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com:443): dial tcp: lookup [docker-images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com](http://docker-images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com): no such host

Even tried getting python:3.12-slim separatly and trying again but that also
didn’t work.  
I think there is some problem in getting python:3.12-slim as the build always
stops at this.

on asking ChatGPT it shows that some DNS or network issue is there. I even
tried all the remedy that was provided on creating custom network etc. but
this was also of no use

Kindly help me finding solution to this and pls mention any other assistance I
may require to get this running

Thank You.  
Regards,  
Aagman


---
### Md anas alam (2025-02-15T19:53:57.298Z)

i am getting this error, I have tried many times but still the error persists:  
“message”: “Bearer YOUR_AIPROXY_TOKEN is invalid: JWSInvalid: Invalid Compact
JWS”


---
### Md anas alam (2025-02-15T19:56:55.979Z)

someone please help!!!


---
### Rohit Garg (2025-02-15T19:59:52.597Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) needed a confirmation on this task

`A8 * `/data/credit-card.png` contains a credit card number. Pass the image to
an LLM, have it extract the card number, and write it without spaces to
`/data/credit-card.txt` \- in this task i assume prompt can ask for credit
card number or other details like cvv and name.

My question is, whether my system should allow prompt that CVV or or such info
? or should give it ?


---
### Debjeet Singha (2025-02-15T20:29:22.437Z)

  1. Previously I asked for some more credits to test my project. I got an email stating I have been provided with a new token but I think I got that same token again, not a new one. I still cant send request to the AIPROXY. Please help.

  2. Do I need to submit the docker image name with the tag or without the tag? I submitted it before without the tag. Now i see that I have tagged the image with as v1 but I cant submit the form due to pattern matching problems. Should i submit again after tagging it with :latest ?

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### shivam dubey (2025-02-15T21:20:23.334Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir in the phase B will the input
and output path will be given ?


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-02-15T21:44:56.585Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
When I run my docker image using

`podman run -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p 8000:8000 $IMAGE_NAME`

Task A2 fails as the podman container is unable to find npx.

Running the same image using

`docker run -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p 8000:8000 $IMAGE_NAME`

works fine and Task A2 passes. I can’t understand why this is happening.

I also ran the image in both docker and podman in interactive mode as show in
the below snippet from terminal.  
When run using docker, `which node` gives `/usr/bin/node` as output but when
run using podman, nothing.

    
    
    shiva@shiva:~/Desktop/tdsp1$ sudo podman run --rm -it docker.io/myusername/myreponame /bin/sh
    # echo $PATH
    /root/.local/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin
    # which node
    # exit
    shiva@shiva:~/Desktop/tdsp1$ sudo docker run --rm -it docker.io/myusername/myreponame /bin/sh
    # echo $PATH
    /root/.local/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin
    # which node
    /usr/bin/node
    # exit
    shiva@shiva:~/Desktop/tdsp1$ sudo podman run --user=root --rm -it docker.io/myusername/myreponame /bin/sh
    # which node
    # which node
    # exit
    


---
### Aniruddha Mukherjee (2025-02-15T22:00:56.106Z)

Here’s how to prompt folks. Just do what [@carlton](/u/carlton) mentioned in
today’s live session (the 5 hour marathon) and you should be good for
Project-1!

[x.com](https://x.com/aakashg0/status/1890492955842007087?s=46&t=U3mfkIFH433B6kVe5ZktSw)
[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the content in the image:
**Overall Impression:** The image features a close-up portrait of a man
smiling against an out-of-focus urban backdrop. **Key Features:** * **The
Man:** He appears to be a young to middle-aged man. * He has dark hair, styled
to the side, with some strands falling across his forehead. * He has a
mustache and possibly a light beard or stubble. * He is wearing glasses with
dark frames. * He is wearing a dark-colored shirt (likely black). * He is
smiling, showing his teeth. * **Background:** * The background is heavily
blurred, suggesting a shallow depth of field. * It appears to be a cityscape
with tall buildings, likely skyscrapers. * The colors in the background seem
to be muted and include grays and whites. **Possible Interpretations:** The
image is a straightforward portrait, likely taken outdoors in an urban
environment. The man's smile suggests a positive and friendly demeanor. ]

#### [Aakash
Gupta](https://x.com/aakashg0/status/1890492955842007087?s=46&t=U3mfkIFH433B6kVe5ZktSw)

[@aakashg0](https://x.com/aakashg0/status/1890492955842007087?s=46&t=U3mfkIFH433B6kVe5ZktSw)

Most people are still prompting wrong. I've found this framework, which was
even shared by OpenAI President Greg Brockman. Here’s how it works:
[pic.x.com/2MMcEqBeIJ](https://x.com/aakashg0/status/1890492955842007087/photo/1)

[Image could not be described]

[8:06 PM - 14 Feb
2025](https://x.com/aakashg0/status/1890492955842007087?s=46&t=U3mfkIFH433B6kVe5ZktSw)
5.5K  360


---
### Yogesh (2025-02-15T23:08:34.656Z)

Same issue. Got the same token. Can’t use it since 2 dollar limit has been
crossed. Please help. [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-16T03:01:42.744Z)

Yes I also need the answer of this.


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-16T03:03:43.445Z)

Is there any way of figuring what is the usage of my token and if yes then
how…  
Plz some peers help…


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-16T03:06:01.016Z)

It will be corrected soon by [@jkmadathil](/u/jkmadathil)  
He is in charge of our budget for TDS and the tokens are being issued by him.

Please tag him for any token related issues.


---
### Jayakrishnan (2025-02-16T03:34:46.233Z)

New token assigned to the students. Emails are also sent.


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-16T04:34:50.606Z)

sir I am noticing a pattern, that when I am running the datagen first. And
then using the evaluate.py, then I am getting the A2 right.  
But running the evaluation.py for the 2nd time cause the A2 to fail…  
Probabbly Because the file in the data folder gets upated should I worry for
that…


---
### Jayesh Bansal (2025-02-16T05:21:27.713Z)

in the phase B, we have no idea about how many arguments are there, so should
we make every function mapping with 2 arguments ( 1 containing the input
location and other containing output location) or should we take the
parameters in some other way


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-16T06:21:36.637Z)

There has been an outage in some parts of the country related to cloudflare
servers. What helped some students (and us) is using a completely different
network eg. instead of using your home wifi, use mobile internet, since they
go through a different DNS and this sometimes works.

Kind regards


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-16T06:22:27.485Z)

We have not specified a size limit for the docker image, so in theory there is
not a limit to the docker image size.

Kind regards


---
### Kushagra Barodekar (2025-02-16T06:26:11.317Z)

Hello [@carlton](/u/carlton) Sir,  
While running evaluate.py , I have observed that the expected and actual
output is having difference like “\n” then also it marks task as fail.

eg:  
:warning: EXPECTED:  
Cover west give likely individual though question inside. System many human
plant card among provide. Large former seek mouth there long.  
Attention officer successful. Us population the true show.  
Real cold if play side wind affect. Street cause investment receive have miss
page station.  
Cold rest term her conference. Animal sure campaign new.  
Meeting back page exactly itself book forward. Decision western series under
from shoulder. Pay during feeling newspaper human. Professional old recent
beyond girl three human.  
Difficult yourself build increase back put others.  
Although artist operation thing skin lead. Billion deep measure down adult
suggest. Anything action start artist when first.  
Whole way know down. Music machine trip father rather.  
Must medical bad law issue.  
Someone explain seven maintain wrong day factor property.

:warning: RESULT:  
“Cover west give likely individual though question inside. System many human
plant card among provide. Large former seek mouth there long.\nAttention
officer successful. Us population the true show.\nReal cold if play side wind
affect. Street cause investment receive have miss page station.\nCold rest
term her conference. Animal sure campaign new.\nMeeting back page exactly
itself book forward. Decision western series under from shoulder. Pay during
feeling newspaper human. Professional old recent beyond girl three
human.\nDifficult yourself build increase back put others.\nAlthough artist
operation thing skin lead. Billion deep measure down adult suggest. Anything
action start artist when first.\nWhole way know down. Music machine trip
father rather.\nMust medical bad law issue.\nSomeone explain seven maintain
wrong day factor property.\n”

:x: A5 FAILED

Will this be considered as failure in actual evaluation as well or will this
be taken care in actual evaluation?


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-02-16T06:34:16.658Z)

[[Image could not be described]image1412×248 16.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/5/7567f3068b587402b54f6d01f3e133f6c21a114a.png
"image")

Im able to execute the query succesfully.  

[[Image could not be described]image1109×570 40.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/2/622e4a15020aefe140e92f8aa38035c5518ae41a.png
"image")

But the data gets downloaded to C drive instead of the project folder  
The datagen.py file is in the project folder itself.

[[Image description: The image contains Python code related to setting up a
project directory and ensuring the existence of a 'data' subdirectory. Here's
a breakdown: * **Lines 35 and 39:** These are comments. Line 35 explains the
purpose of the code, which is to ensure that all files are accessed from a
'data' folder within the project's root directory. Line 39 ensures that the
'data' directory exists. * **Line 36:** This line defines the project root
directory. `PROJECT_ROOT` is assigned the absolute path of the current working
directory using `os.path.abspath(os.getcwd())`. This means that the project's
root directory is the directory from which the Python script is run. * **Line
37:** This line defines the 'data' directory's path. `DATA_DIR` is set to the
result of joining the `PROJECT_ROOT` path with the string "data" using
`os.path.join()`. This creates a path to a 'data' subdirectory within the
project's root. * **Line 40:** This line ensures that the 'data' directory
exists. `os.makedirs(DATA_DIR, exist_ok=True)` attempts to create the
directory specified by `DATA_DIR`. The `exist_ok=True` argument means that if
the directory already exists, the function will not raise an error; otherwise,
it will create the directory. * **Line 38:** This is an empty line in the
code.]image821×149 9.61 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/5/65498f6319cf654240d6dbf5f62a9313ebd5fd41.png
"image")

am I making any error when setting the directories?

Please help, have been facing this issue since the beginning of this project,
initially tried to move the files from C drive to project folder but that does
not seem like a viable solution.


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-02-16T06:51:41.708Z)

[[Image description: The image shows Python code defining a function called
`run_datagen` that takes a `task_description` as input. The code first
extracts a URL and email from the `task_description` using regular
expressions. If either the URL or email is not found, the function returns an
error message. If both the URL and email are found, the code downloads the
script from the URL and saves it to a file named `datagen.py` in the
`PROJECT_ROOT` directory. Next, the code checks if the `uv` tool is installed.
If it is not installed, the code installs it using `pip`. Finally, the code
runs the downloaded script using `python`, passing the user's email as an
argument. The script is executed in the `PROJECT_ROOT` directory. The function
returns a success message indicating that the script has been executed,
including the URL and the email address that was used. In short, the Python
code defines a function that extracts a URL and an email from a task
description, downloads a Python script from the URL, installs the uv tool if
necessary, and executes the downloaded script, passing the user's email as a
parameter. ]image1123×760 42.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/1/213611a3e30fbaa75a62a4a99c19b20458a92609.png
"image")

  
I am also running datagen.py in the project directory, yet data folder is
created in C drive.


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-16T06:54:08.636Z)

[@jkmadathil](/u/jkmadathil)  
sir plz renew my token…  
Showing,  
{‘message’: ‘On 2025-02 you used $2.0041067399999912, exceeding $2’}

Sorry sir!..


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-02-16T06:57:30.673Z)

use PlainTextResponse for /read


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-16T06:59:34.007Z)

Plz do someone reply.


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-02-16T07:04:53.309Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

Please review the code and help me fix the error in order to proceed further.
Thanks.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T07:19:46.325Z)

[github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS_CLUTCH_PROJECT_1](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS_CLUTCH_PROJECT_1/blob/main/README.md)

####
[README.md](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS_CLUTCH_PROJECT_1/blob/main/README.md)

[`main`](https://github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS_CLUTCH_PROJECT_1/blob/main/README.md)

    
    
    # TDS_CLUTCH_AT_6AY
    

using code generation, getting 6/10 or * if lucky, similar comments needs a
tool function call for sure, maybe someone can implement and create pull
request, if you all can get 10/10 fine tuning with tool functions

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) Please help if it meets
deliverables


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-16T08:28:50.991Z)

Sir I need a help, In hte B portion where no any destination and source files
are given…  
There we need to ask the user to povide the source and destination files or
does we should store it in any default file locations…

As the statement is very vauge saying the “agent should handle this”…  
Thanks Sir!!


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-16T09:09:06.299Z)

[@jkmadathil](/u/jkmadathil) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Sir earlier my code was running fine, but after the assigment of the new
token,  
it is now showing 400 bad request, which simply implies there is something
wrong with the token…  
plz do something sir…  
[Image description: The image shows a log entry from a server. The first line
starts with "INFO: 127.0.0.1:51794" followed by a POST request. The request
attempts to run a task related to a SQLite database file named "ticket-
sales.db". The database contains a table named "tickets" with columns "type",
"units", and "price". The task involves finding the total sales of all "Gold"
ticket types and writing the number to a file named "ticket-sales-gold.txt".
The HTTP status code for this request is 400 Bad Request. The second line
starts with "INFO: 127.0.0.1:51797" followed by a GET request. The request
attempts to read the file located at "/data/ticket-sales-gold.txt". The HTTP
status code for this request is 404 Not Found. This indicates that the file
does not exist at the specified location. ]

I have do have cross verified the new token been correctly been assigned to
the system variable…


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-16T09:19:36.290Z)

More Particularily the failure occurs in the response portion…

    
    
    def get_completions(prompt: str):
        print("Inside get_completions")#Debug
        with httpx.Client(timeout=20) as client:
            response = client.post(
                f"{openai_api_chat}",
                headers=headers,
                json=
                    {
                        "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
                        "messages": [
                                        {"role": "system", "content": "You are a function classifier that extracts structured parameters from queries."},
                                        {"role": "user", "content": prompt}
                                    ],
                        "tools": [
                                    {
                                        "type": "function",
                                        "function": function
                                    } for function in function_definitions_llm
                                ],
                        "tool_choice": "auto"
                    },
            )
    
        print("DId suceessful llm calll")#Debug
    
    
    
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:52108 - "POST /run?task=The+SQLite+database+file+%60%2Fdata%2Fticket-sales.db%60+has+a+%60tickets%60+with+columns+%60type%60%2C+%60units%60%2C+and+%60price%60.+Each+row+is+a+customer+bid+for+a+concert+ticket.+What+is+the+total+sales+of+all+the+items+in+the+%22Gold%22+ticket+type%3F+Write+the+number+in+%60%2Fdata%2Fticket-sales-gold.txt%60 HTTP/1.1" 400 Bad Request
    


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-16T09:19:54.114Z)

is there any limit on the size of the docker image [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@carlton](/u/carlton) ? because mine is about 5.6Gb


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-16T09:20:56.839Z)

bhai nhi hai…  
koi size limit


---
### Monisha M (2025-02-16T10:12:11.868Z)

uv run <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/project-1/evaluate.py>  
Installed 13 packages in 543ms  
Traceback (most recent call last):  
File “/tmp/evaluateF6zgG9.py”, line 20, in  
from datagen import (  
…<9 lines>…  
)  
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named ‘datagen’

I am getting this error when I try to run evaluate.py

when I run the evaluate.py by having datagen.py in same folder , it is running
perfectly. But my doubt is only after task a1 runs the datagen.py will be
downloaded into the /data folder right ?

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Kindly help me with this issue


---
### Aditya Kumar Sahu (2025-02-16T10:15:40.611Z)

Use following as first parameter of `subprocess.run()` to create `data/`
directory inside your project instead of C: drive

    
    
    ["uv", "run", script_url, user_email, "--root", "./data"]
    

Also, you don’t need to download to script, you can directly run it from the
url.


---
### Aditya Kumar Sahu (2025-02-16T10:33:45.101Z)

The reason for error is `evaluate.py` is trying to import `datagen.py` which
doesn’t exist in your system. I’ll suggest download both the files, keep them
in same folder and run `evaluate.py` from your computer


---
### Monisha M (2025-02-16T10:35:51.852Z)

Yes actually Thats my doubt , when I run both in same folder it is working ,
but only after task a1 runs datagen.py will be downloaded in /data folder
right ?,

or did I misunderstood something??


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-16T10:38:05.164Z)

### Generation-Based Automation Agent (No Hard Coding)

**Repository Link:** [GitHub -
23f2005593/tds](https://github.com/23f2005593/tds)

Currently, it can complete 7 out of 10 tasks. In reality, it can complete 9
out of 10 tasks, but the expected results are not flexible in evaluate.py
file.

If we can extract credit card numbers, it will be able to complete 10 out of
10 tasks.

Please contribute to this repository. **We will win together.**


---
### Dabgar Milav Jayeshkumar (2025-02-16T10:42:00.545Z)

{  
“message”: “On 2025-02 you used $2.0041388599999848, exceeding $2”  
}

What to do?


---
### Dabgar Milav Jayeshkumar (2025-02-16T10:43:32.880Z)

facing same error, have you fouind any solution?


---
### Tanya kamboj (2025-02-16T11:07:43.937Z)

sir for this task- A6 Find all Markdown (`.md` ) files in `/data/docs/` . For
each file, extract the first occurrance of each H1 (i.e. a line starting with
`# ` ). Create an index file `/data/docs/index.json` that maps each filename
(without the `/data/docs/` prefix) to its title (e.g. `{"README.md": "Home",
"path/to/large-language-models.md": "Large Language Models", ...}` ) …I am
getting correct result for all files but for the very first file budget.md it
shows wrong.  
my result- { “budget.md”: “Success easy same main modern doctor.”,  
“build.md”: “Shoulder follow own never above.”,  
and in the data files there is different heading in budget.md.- # Series dog
who make specific agree between.  
my question is this if it works for all the files then why not for this file
budget.md [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Tanya kamboj (2025-02-16T11:14:46.456Z)

do you able to do this task * **A5**. Write the first line of the 10 most
recent `.log` file in `/data/logs/` to `/data/logs-recent.txt`, most recent
first …  
i am also doing using prompt no hard-coded.


---
### Tanya kamboj (2025-02-16T11:15:48.711Z)

yes doing this only but finding correct for most of the files.


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-16T11:17:05.625Z)

yes i am able to do task a5.


---
### Tanya kamboj (2025-02-16T11:19:16.557Z)

so you directly using prompt for doing this task.


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-16T11:20:42.518Z)

yes i am only using prompt based method


---
### Tanya kamboj (2025-02-16T11:22:43.078Z)

If filename has number in its name then extract the number from the filename
and convert it to an integer before sorting .Ensure numbers inside filenames
are compared as integers, not as strings, to maintain proper order. Sort
filenames in said in task. Avoid any lexicographical sorting issues. i am
using this extra info for doing this but still it does not give accurate
result. can you help me in this


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-16T11:23:51.476Z)

i already shared my repo u can check there.


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-16T12:17:41.613Z)

you have pushed data,datagen and evaluate files…do we have to submit them as
well??  
(also send the docker file)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-16T12:24:19.136Z)

Check the file once, there is a possibility that it’s either fetching a
comment or the second heading. Refactor your prompt to search only for the
First Heading, specify it explixitly.


---
### Tanya kamboj (2025-02-16T12:34:43.548Z)

okay let me check once.  
one more thing sir {“first_name”: “Crystal”, “last_name”: “Wilson”, “email”:
“[delgadorebecca@example.com](mailto:delgadorebecca@example.com)”} then what
will be the sorted-contact for this as in email there is no first and lastname
present. [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### J Rohan Atre  (2025-02-16T12:58:43.228Z)

Hey, I submitted the project links in the google form yesterday but, today in
the portal it shows that I have not submitted the project.


---
### Aishik Bandyopadhyay (2025-02-16T13:11:13.013Z)

I am getting this error while running evaluate.py on task A9

    
    
    HTTP Request: POST https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings "HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized"
    
    🔴 A9 failed: 'data'
    

There were no authentication issues till yesterday.

please guide [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-16T13:20:12.206Z)

This is happening because evaluate.py is unable to fetch your API Key from the
environment variables. Create a new variable and set it’s value to your API
Key then try.


---
### Manav Singh (2025-02-16T13:22:14.284Z)

Hi everyone,

I’m running into an issue with the AI Proxy embeddings endpoint while
executing the A9 task. Every time I send a POST request to:

bash

Copy

    
    
    https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings
    

I receive a **401 Unauthorized** response. This, in turn, causes my code to
fail with a `KeyError: 'data'` because the expected JSON response doesn’t
include the `"data"` key.

### What I’ve Tried

  1. **Token Verification:**

  * I’m using the `AIPROXY_TOKEN` obtained by logging in at [aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev](https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/) with my IITM email.
  * The token is passed in the header as follows:

python

Copy

    
    
    "Authorization": f"Bearer {AIPROXY_TOKEN}"
    

  * I added debug prints to confirm that the token is being used correctly (printing the first few characters).

  2. **API Request Details:**

  * The request includes the correct `Content-Type: application/json` header.
  * The payload is set as:

json

Copy

    
    
    {"model": "text-embedding-3-small", "input": ["Test"]}
    

  * Despite this, the response status is consistently 401 Unauthorized.

  3. **Debug Output:**  
Here’s a snippet of the debug output:

bash

Copy

    
    
    HTTP Request: POST https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings "HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized"
    🔴 A9 failed: 'data'
    

This confirms that the issue is with the authentication rather than our
processing logic.

### What I Suspect

  * The token may be invalid, expired, or misconfigured.
  * There could be changes in the token permissions or endpoint requirements that I’m not aware of.
  * Alternatively, there might be an issue on the server side with token validation.

### Request for Help

Has anyone else encountered this issue recently? Could someone verify if there
are any changes to the authentication requirements for the embeddings
endpoint? Any insights or updated instructions on how to ensure the token is
valid and has the proper permissions would be greatly appreciated.

Thanks in advance for your assistance!


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-16T13:26:14.110Z)

B5. Run a SQL query on a SQLite or DuckDB database  
Should I ask for the SQL data base. Or the agent should be smart enough to
find the required database…  
Moreover in the data folder there is only one database is it should be robust
to handle multiple databases…


---
### Yashvardhan (2025-02-16T13:31:32.080Z)

same issue i also face pls sir help us fix this issue and provide us more
token

HTTP Request: POST <https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings>
“HTTP/1.1 429 Too Many Requests”

:red_circle: A9 failed: ‘data’

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Bhashwar Sengupta (2025-02-16T13:55:52.482Z)

I had a question on evaluation by the course team. To test that my application
would run everywhere, I first deleted all images from my local machine using
`podman rmi -a` and then ran `podman run --rm -p 8000:8000 -e
AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN $IMAGE_NAME` with the appropriate variables set.
This is as per the instructions provided
[here](https://github.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-
public/tree/tds-2025-01-project-1-wip/project-1). But this gave me the
following error:

    
    
    Error: short-name "freshbash/dataworks-agent" did not resolve to an alias and no unqualified-search registries are defined in "/etc/containers/registries.conf
    

The above is the format in which we have to provide the image name in the
Google form. So, I was confused whether this would succeed during actual
evaluation.

The only way its working right now is when I specify the image name to be
`docker.io/freshbash/dataworks-agent`

I’m not yet very good with how containers work so some insights would be very
helpful. Thanks!


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T14:06:32.676Z)

Nice bro, if its getting 8 you are sorted, probably get more later. But
Prompting seems a little less info  
BUT

| Structured Outputs | JSON Mode  
---|---|---  
Outputs valid JSON | Yes | Yes  
Adheres to schema | Yes (see supported schemas) | No  
Compatible models | gpt-4o-mini, gpt-4o-2024-08-06, and later | gpt-3.5-turbo, gpt-4-* and gpt-4o-* models  
Enabling | response_format: { type: json_schema, json_schema: {strict: true, schema: …} } | response_format: { type: json_object }  
      
    
        try:
            response = client.chat.completions.create(
                model="gpt-4o-mini",
                messages=[{"role": "user", "content": prompt}],
                temperature=0,
                response_format={"type": "json_object"}
            )
    

[github.com/23f2005593/tds](https://github.com/23f2005593/tds/blob/main/app.py#L142)

#### [app.py](https://github.com/23f2005593/tds/blob/main/app.py#L142)

[`main`](https://github.com/23f2005593/tds/blob/main/app.py#L142)

    
    
          
    
    
              
        132. prompt = (
    
              
        133.     f"The Python code generated for the task '{task}' produced the following error when executed:\n"
    
              
        134.     f"{error_message}\n\n"
    
              
        135.     f"Here is the original code:\n{original_code_data['code']}\n\n"
    
              
        136.     "Please provide a corrected version of the code that fixes the error. Return only a JSON object with:\n"
    
              
        137.     "- code: the corrected Python code as a string\n"
    
              
        138.     "- function_name: name of the main function\n"
    
              
        139.     "- required_libraries: list of required pip packages\n\n"
    
              
        140.     "Make sure the code is simple, direct, and error-free this time. And try not to mess it up like before."
    
              
        141. )
    
              
        142. try:
    
              
        143.     response = client.chat.completions.create(
    
              
        144.         model="gpt-4o-mini",
    
              
        145.         messages=[{"role": "user", "content": prompt}],
    
              
        146.         temperature=0,
    
              
        147.         response_format={"type": "json_object"}
    
              
        148.     )
    
              
        149. except Exception as exc:
    
              
        150.     logger.error("Error connecting to OpenAI API for auto-fix: %s", exc)
    
              
        151.     raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail="Connection error during auto-fix. Maybe it's time to admit defeat?")
    
              
        152. 
          
    
        

you are taking a chance on that format


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T14:18:18.312Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a section of a dashboard for CodeSpaces, displaying usage and billing
information. Here's a breakdown: * **Header:** * It starts with the text
"Codespaces". * Below this, it states, "Included quotas reset in 10 days. See
billing documentation", with "billing documentation" being a hyperlink. *
**Usage Hours:** * The label "Usage hours" is present. * It indicates that
"172.37 of 180.00 included core hours used." * A horizontal bar is shown, most
of which is red, visually representing the usage as compared to the total. *
To the right of the Usage Hours is a "$0.00" * **Storage:** * The label
"Storage" is visible. * It indicates that "9.21 of 20.00 included GB-month
used." * A horizontal bar is present, most of which is blue, visually
representing the storage used in comparison to the total. * To the right of
the Storage is a "$0.00" * **Spending Limit:** * It displays "$0.00 monthly
spending limit". * Next to it is a hyperlink or text, "Set up a spending
limit". * To the right of the spending limit is a "$0.00" The overall design
appears to be part of a user interface, where users can monitor their
CodeSpaces usage and billing. The usage bars give a quick visual indication of
the amount used, and the numerical values offer more precise data. The links
invite the user to get more information, or change the settings. ]Screenshot
2025-02-16 0913411315×404 24.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/2/32b55ca09f5894f9baa7082d8a44fdb1d14268f0.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-16 091341")

  

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-02-16 0911011351×292 13.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/9/b9a9d315d58f80e3b851da3a0e981365d48de980.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-16 091101")

Hardest i ever worked in my life. Thank you [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T14:26:15.111Z)

[Image could not be described] TheVishal:

> If we can extract credit card numbers, it will be able to complete 10 out of
> 10 tasks.

have tried function calling? with open code generation ?


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-16T14:32:03.478Z)

not yet… but i have another problem when i am running this by using docker it
is giving error “datagen module not found”


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-16T14:32:46.201Z)

bro please help by contribute please


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T14:35:15.324Z)

come off on one meet


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-16T14:35:21.050Z)

what should we push in the github repo [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@carlton](/u/carlton) ??  
is it enough if we just push the Dockerfile, app.py, datagen.py and the
LICENSE. Someone pls help!


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T14:35:55.720Z)

bro i used all my codespaces credits xD  
i am nitpicking and editing from website and running not exceed limit XD


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-16T14:36:37.073Z)

someone pls help T_T


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T14:37:29.809Z)

submit image and github repo link, evalhaters will handle the rest im assuming


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-16T14:38:25.332Z)

yeaa i got that but what should we add in the github repo…like should we add
the generated data folder?  
or is it enough if we just add the code and the Dockerfile to the repo


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T14:38:49.907Z)

doesn’t matter they use only image


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-16T14:38:54.080Z)

use local editor naa bro


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T14:39:34.694Z)

and run my code xD i have one crazy setup XD give me some time, at 9:30 we’ll
hop on eachother


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-16T14:39:56.899Z)

which repo u submitting yesterday one or todays.  
i am unable to run the yesterday one


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T14:40:08.771Z)

this one new one only xD


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-16T14:40:42.997Z)

and what do they mean by image-name in the gform…is it the repo name in
dockerhub?


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-16T14:40:45.742Z)

what evil have u done xd


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T14:41:05.660Z)

why? ///////////// O—O


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-16T14:41:09.153Z)

dockerhub image name


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-16T14:42:06.039Z)

ur words are saying something else :slight_smile:


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-16T14:42:21.966Z)

image name as in i dont get it lol.


---
### Shubham Atkal (2025-02-16T14:43:47.628Z)


    (general) [shubham@laptop data]$ curl https://api.openai.com/v1/models -H "Authorization: Bearer $AIPROXY_TOKEN"
    {
      "error": {
        "message": "Your authentication token is not from a valid issuer.",
        "type": "invalid_request_error",
        "param": null,
        "code": "invalid_issuer"
      }
    

pls help


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-16T14:43:56.779Z)

push ur image to docker hub that it will be available for them to use  
(use chatgpt on how to push to docker hub 2 3 steps to flw)


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-16T14:45:42.604Z)

yeah i hv pushed the image to dockerhub but i exactly dont get what image name
is

like is it the name of my repo


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-16T14:46:17.824Z)

ur docker-username/image-name


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-16T14:46:36.853Z)

check if u have exported the AIPROXY_TOKEN properly in your environment


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-16T14:47:29.759Z)

anyone check my repo

[github.com](https://github.com/Tusharisme/TDS_Project_1)

[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
appears to be a screenshot or a visual representation of a GitHub repository
page. **Text:** * **Tusharisme/TDS\\_Project\\_1:** This is likely the name of
the GitHub repository, with "Tusharisme" being the username and
"TDS\\_Project\\_1" being the repository name. * **1 Contributor:** Indicates
that there is 1 contributor to this repository. * **0 Issues:** Indicates that
there are no open issues for this repository. * **0 Stars:** Indicates that
the repository has not been starred by anyone. * **0 Forks:** Indicates that
the repository has not been forked by anyone. **Objects/Icons:** * There is a
blue and white pixelated icon in the top right, possibly a logo or avatar for
the repository owner. * There are icons representing: * Contributors (a
person-like icon) * Issues (a circle-like icon) * Stars (a star icon) * Forks
(a branching icon) * A GitHub logo is in the bottom right. **Overall:** The
image presents basic information about a GitHub repository, showcasing its
name, ownership, activity (number of contributors, issues, stars, and forks),
and brand identity.]

### [GitHub -
Tusharisme/TDS_Project_1](https://github.com/Tusharisme/TDS_Project_1)

Contribute to Tusharisme/TDS_Project_1 development by creating an account on
GitHub.


---
### Shubham Atkal (2025-02-16T14:48:49.549Z)

yes i have the same key which is provided on ai proxy website for my login  
and yes i have that key properly exported


---
### Shashannk (2025-02-16T14:55:12.204Z)

check if u have used the correct ai proxy url then


---
### Yogesh (2025-02-16T14:58:49.547Z)

An email I just received says my license doesn’t have “MIT” in it. Although it
does have it. I don’t know what I am missing. Someone help (if you didn’t get
this mail). [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-02-16T14:59:55.018Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

Hi,  
I received a mail saying that my submission has no Dockerfile. But git repo
has a dockerfile.

even if i am to submit again, i have submit the same repo.  
what should i do?


---
### Vishnu Tejas B (2025-02-16T15:00:00.884Z)

Hey I just got a mail saying that my github repo has no Dockerfile present.
and im confused .

It doesnt mention anywhere that the dockerfile must be present in the root
directory as a requirement/prerequisite of the project.

In my case its present inside the app directory. Could the team help clarify
on this issue.

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Akshit Mittal (2025-02-16T15:01:32.983Z)

What is expected repo structure ?  
I have a folder in my repo and dockerfile and license are present in that
folder but I still received a mail regarding missing License and Dockerfile.


---
### Shubham Atkal (2025-02-16T15:08:50.764Z)

do we need to have data folder in repo no right?


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-02-16T15:11:29.583Z)

No, it is not needed


---
### Shahsank J Shetty (2025-02-16T15:14:47.324Z)

We see that your submission [GitHub -
22f3001011/project-1](https://github.com/22f3001011/project-1/tree/main) has a
result of FAIL due to the below reasons:  
No “MIT” in LICENSE

Hello sir, i got this mail despite having added the mit license as stated in
the project problem statement. I cant figure out what the issue is, and help
me out here.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jeeveash.k](/u/jeeveash.k)

[Image could not be described]
[github.com](https://github.com/22f3001011/project-1/tree/main)

### [GitHub -
22f3001011/project-1](https://github.com/22f3001011/project-1/tree/main)

[main](https://github.com/22f3001011/project-1/tree/main)

Contribute to 22f3001011/project-1 development by creating an account on
GitHub.

Thank you  
Regards  
Shashank J Shetth  
22f3001011


---
### Yogesh (2025-02-16T15:22:38.923Z)

Yeah. Same issue. Someone who didn’t get this error, please share the MIT
license.


---
### Saniya Naaz (2025-02-16T15:31:46.769Z)

<https://github.com/saniyanz/tds-p1new>

check my repo. what`s wrong. I`ve also got the mail but I`ve included the MIT
License and the Dockerfile


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-02-16T15:32:47.336Z)

Rename `LICENSE.txt` to `LICENSE`


---
### Nayonika Arora (2025-02-16T15:41:04.020Z)

I got a mail saying my Dockerfile is missing. However I have a dockerfile
already in my github repository. Is it an issue with the spelling of
dockerfile since I have submitted it in all small case as ‘dockerfile’. It was
showing the score when I checked with the evaluate.py that was provided by
iitm.

Shall I just change the name of the file from ‘dockerfile’ to ‘Dockerfile’ in
github repository of mine or is there anything else that is needed to detect
the Dockerfile?


---
### Vishnu Tejas B (2025-02-16T15:42:09.636Z)

Hey team, I just moved my Dockerfile to the root level on my Github repo. Hope
this solves the issue.

Small doubt: Do i need to submit the google form again?


---
### Debashis Saha (2025-02-16T15:53:49.088Z)

I ran out of tokens. Please help me. Please its urgent.


---
### 23f3001356 (2025-02-16T15:57:49.722Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) sir [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) sir please provide me more
tokens, I am out of tokens i don’t knwo what happened i hade 151 requests use
and 0.09 usd and suddenly i check it was 300 requests and 2 usd i don’t knwo
what happened can you provide me more tokens.


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-02-16T16:00:21.667Z)

Dear [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) , [@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,
and [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

Thank you all for this wonderful project. Coming from a non-coding background,
I have learned a lot new things throughout this project building process.

[@carlton](/u/carlton) Sir, yesterday’s session provided valuable insights
into Method 1 (prompt engineering) for dynamically handling tasks. I was able
to develop an application using this approach; however, due to submission time
constraints, I could not verify all tasks (my bad). While I tested some tasks
and found the results to be highly accurate, I was unable to validate
everything thoroughly.  
Therefore, I submitted the function-calling approach (Method 2) instead.

I sincerely appreciate everyone’s guidance and support.


---
### 23f3001356 (2025-02-16T16:09:36.850Z)

Did you ran out of tokens suddenly like me ?  
How many requests have you sent in total ?


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-02-16T16:17:51.919Z)

can u share ur repo  
i really need it


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-16T16:24:56.917Z)

Thanks [@lakshaygarg654](/u/lakshaygarg654) for this feedback. Glad to know
you learned from our efforts, it means a lot. This proves that even a person
from non-tech background with determination can achieve it.


---
### Yashvardhan (2025-02-16T16:26:27.020Z)

sir pls provide more token [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) sir pls , give any reply we have
only 2 hr left


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-16T16:29:52.723Z)

Change the name of your dockerfile to “Dockerfile”


---
### 23f3001356 (2025-02-16T16:29:54.811Z)

yes sir please provide more tokens to me also [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T16:38:00.300Z)

i hope i get 1 mark xD

im getting tasks only maybe 3 / 10


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-02-16T16:55:41.066Z)

i have done many attempt but it is not working please show my environment
saying fastapi is not installed but i have installed and it is showing on
checking but no running file it is saying no module i have installed in both
virtual and system  
please help


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-02-16T17:01:20.102Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on
text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Layout:** The image shows the
Visual Studio Code (VS Code) IDE. The workspace is organized into the
following sections: * **Explorer:** On the left, showing the project file
structure. * **Editor:** The main central area displays the content of
"main.py". * **Terminal/Output:** At the bottom, this area shows the output of
commands, build processes, and error messages. * **Sidebar (Right):** Provides
a list of shells to the running program **Explorer Pane (Left):** * Project
name: "ALGSOCHLLM" * Directory structure: It shows a hierarchy of files and
folders within the project. This includes: * `app/`: Contains python files
like `__init__.py`, `llm_handler.py`, and `tasks.py`. * `data/` * `tests/` *
Various individual files like `database.py`, `utils.py`, `Dockerfile`,
`config.py`, `LICENSE`, `README.md`, `requirements.txt`, and
`tempCodeRunnerfile.py`. **Editor Pane (Center - `main.py`):** The `main.py`
file contains Python code, likely a FastAPI application: ```python from
fastapi import FastAPI from app.tasks import run_task app = FastAPI()
@app.get("/") def home(): return {"message": "LLM-based Automation Agent is
Running"} @app.post("/run") # ... (rest of the code - not fully visible) ```
**Terminal/Output Pane (Bottom):** This is the most important area for
debugging. Here's a breakdown of the messages displayed: 1\. **FastAPI
Installation Check (Successful):** Lines showing "Requirement already
satisfied" indicate that FastAPI and its dependencies (starlette, anyio, idna,
sniffio) are already installed in the Python environment. 2\. **PIP Update
Notices:** "[notice] A new release of pip is available..." VS Code is
suggesting to update the `pip` package manager. 3\. **"pip install --upgrade
python" Error:** The command `pip install --upgrade python` is failing with
the error: "ERROR: Could not find a version that satisfies the requirement
python (from versions: none)" This command is not the way to update Python
itself. It attempts to install a package named "python," which is not what's
intended. 4\. **"No module named 'fastapi'" Error:** The Python script
`main.py` is failing with a `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'fastapi'`.
This indicates that the `fastapi` library, despite seemingly being installed
according to the previous pip output, is not accessible in the environment
where the `main.py` script is being run. This often happens with virtual
environments or when the Python interpreter being used is not the one where
FastAPI is installed. 5\. **Docker Build Process:** The lines starting with
"[+] Building..." indicate that a Docker image is being built. It's loading
the build definition from the `Dockerfile`. **Specific Issues and Potential
Solutions (Based on the Output):** * **"No module named 'fastapi'":** *
**Virtual Environment:** If the project is using a virtual environment, make
sure it is activated. Run `pip install fastapi` within the activated virtual
environment. * **Python Interpreter:** Ensure the correct Python interpreter
is selected in VS Code. Check the bottom right corner of the VS Code window to
see which interpreter is being used. You may need to select the interpreter
where FastAPI is installed. * **Incorrect Installation:** Even though `pip`
said it was satisfied, try explicitly reinstalling FastAPI within the correct
environment: `pip install --force-reinstall fastapi` * **"pip install
--upgrade python" Error:** * **Don't "Upgrade" Python this Way:** The command
`pip install --upgrade python` is incorrect and will not upgrade your Python
version. Use your system's package manager (e.g., `apt` on Linux, `brew` on
macOS) or download the new version directly from python.org to upgrade Python
itself. **Right Sidebar:** * A list of shells (or terminal instances) is shown
**In summary:** The image shows a VS Code project with a FastAPI application.
There's a problem where the "fastapi" module cannot be found, even though
`pip` claims it is installed. This is likely due to an issue with the Python
environment, virtual environment or the python interpreter selected.
Additionally, the user has attempted to "upgrade" Python using an incorrect
`pip` command. ]image1919×1016 117 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/0/d084b074bcf4af69fe3e57753664fd39b016c2ef.png
"image")

  
this problem occuring sir since two days


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-02-16T17:02:17.300Z)

How long does it take to make a docker image, I’ve been doing it for the past
25 minutes and it’s still not completed.


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-02-16T17:09:40.646Z)

  1. Your LLM app should be designed like it can give desire result based on task desc at run endpoint, and that result should be accessible at read endpoint.

  2. Evaluation file just for reference to check how things works and it works for phase A tasks only. Also ensure datagen.py file and evaluation.py file are latest. There is one issue in evaluation.py file for task A1, link of datagen.py file not correct, rectify that link. Even it corrected in GitHub repo file but when I download that raw file in local system it takes back previous link.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-16T17:18:09.197Z)

I WONDER HOW MANY API REQUESTS THE SERVER IS PROCESSING . It’s too slow


---
### Vivek  (2025-02-16T17:43:00.472Z)

too much in the last few hours it feel


---
### Ritwik Trivedi (2025-02-16T18:31:13.198Z)

I guess what is done is done. I should have maintained my version history
properly. I am getting 4 correct but with minor formatting issues so only 1
correct I guess.


---
### Ritwik Trivedi (2025-02-16T18:35:21.452Z)

It was tough… I will probably not score much but I enjoyed it a lot. Thank you
for pushing us so hard. At least I am not scared of docker now and function
calling feels easier than before.


---
### Anand S (2025-02-16T18:42:12.153Z)

Well done, everyone! This is not an easy project. This is the kind of work our
clients are asking us for.

I will keep you posted on the evaluation on this thread, it progresses.

  * 2025-02-16T18:31:00Z Google Form closed
  * 2025-02-16T18:35:00Z Validating submissions. Will post results shortly


---
### SHIVAM KUMAR (2025-02-16T18:45:11.723Z)

Sir i have missed the submission deadline by 5 minutes, can you give
permission for the google form to accept the response for half an hour more.


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-16T18:46:21.892Z)

Sir, due to time panic, I mistakenly named the Docker image incorrectly.


---
### SHIVAM KUMAR (2025-02-16T18:47:14.170Z)

Sir can you please allow submission for 5 more minutes?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-19T11:00:09.298Z)

A post was merged into an existing topic: [Project 1 - Casual
banter](/t/project-1-casual-banter/167344/13)


---
### Rishit (2025-02-16T18:51:43.271Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
Dear Sir,

I am writing to you in a state of distress and humility. An unfortunate
mistake on my part has led to the upload of an incorrect Docker image link.
When I checked the authenticity of the link, it showed an error, even though
the GitHub repository link is functioning perfectly.

I have poured my heart and soul into this project, dedicating countless hours
and sleepless nights to ensure its success. The project has successfully
passed both Test A and Test B, and I was thrilled to see my hard work paying
off. However, this single error has left me devastated.

I am pleading with you, with all my heart, to allow me to correct this mistake
by updating the Docker image link. Alternatively, I humbly request that my
application be reviewed directly through GitHub. Please consider this an
exception, as I have worked tirelessly over the past two weeks to create an
application that is 890 lines long.

I beg for your understanding and leniency in this matter. This project means
the world to me, and I am genuinely sobbing over this setback.

Thank you for considering my heartfelt request.

Sincerely,

Rishit Jain  
(24F2004595)


---
### Prasoon Shukla (2025-02-16T18:55:21.332Z)

Although couldn’t complete handling every task, but really enjoyed working on
this project and learned a lot throughout the process. I appreciate the
opportunity to work on such an engaging project. For Project 2, I’ll make sure
to allocate sufficient time and approach it with even greater commitment.


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-16T18:57:19.930Z)

Sorry [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

### Sir, due to time panic, I mistakenly named the Docker image incorrectly.


---
### Ritwik Trivedi (2025-02-16T19:15:02.324Z)

Just push the latest image to docker asap. Hopefully the team considers it.


---
### Ritwik Trivedi (2025-02-16T19:16:30.050Z)

True. Same here. Just giving 2 days for this project was definitely a big
mistake on my part… but I couldn’t really give more time due to work
commitments.


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-02-16T19:28:13.949Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

Sir, due to time panic, I mistakenly named the Docker image incorrectly.

I am not 100% sure but i guess i used “ii” instead of “i” in
“thevixhal/tdsvishal”… is there any way to check this ?


---
### Sagandeep Kaur (2025-02-16T19:34:57.475Z)

Can the submissions open just for some time? In minutes?  
Many students did silly mistakes due toh nervousness, we can just correct it.


---
### GIRISH VISHVESHVAR BHAT (2025-02-17T02:56:32.384Z)

I don’t think the project is too difficult to implement—it’s essentially a
simple HTTP API for an AI agent that reads a task, converts it into
parameters, and passes those parameters to specific functions to complete the
task. However, the instructions in the project question aren’t very clear.
Before the session, I am unable to fully understand the question. It took me
almost an entire day just to understand what we need to do.  
Sir Could you provide test cases or a sample answer for Phase B?


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-02-17T04:47:02.331Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) sorry to disturb you, project1 deadline is over.  
I made a mistake in my project. In my call llm function i set some payload
instead of default for open ai api call like max token, temp. , n, stop etc.  
Due to this, some tasks may fail especially credit card image task will fail
100%, if possible can i just remove that payload from git hub repository . or
you can check this call llm function present in my task_handler.py file of my
repository.  
I found this issue after deadline. If possible consider this request. I never
engaged in a project or course like for this one. I love this project
genuinely.

my github repo : [GitHub - 21f3001076/TDS_Project_1: This is IITM Data Science
TDS Course Project 1 Repository](https://github.com/21f3001076/TDS_Project_1)  
Thankyou  
Lakshay  
student id: 21f3001076@ds.study.iitm.ac.in


---
### Arjun Dwarakesh Janarthanan (2025-02-17T05:41:26.456Z)

Dear [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,  
Thank you so much for this wonderful project! We have learned so many things
from this experience, especially the power of prompts. The team has put in
tremendous effort, extending a few sessions and patiently clearing all our
doubts. We truly appreciate the dedication and support

Regards,  
Arjun


---
### Swati Kapoor (2025-02-17T05:48:47.338Z)

I would like to sincerely thank the course faculty [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) for their support on
the project throughout the week. They were so patient in listening to our
issues and helping us resolve them, even if the issues were repeated.

I was not able to complete some or maybe many of the tasks but overall, it was
a very good learning for me, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.

Thanks very much again for your guidance and support.

Regards,  
Swati


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-17T09:28:09.859Z)

Thanks for your compliments Swati. It’s always nice to know our efforts paid
off.  
_Happy Learning :+1:_


---
### Udipth (2025-02-17T10:07:52.089Z)

I have received a mail that my project has ""No “MIT” in LICENSE;No Dockerfile
" which I saw today. My project has MIT licence and Dockerfile was also there…
but to reconfirm I pulled my dockerfile from dockerhub to github only . NOw am
not sure will that be considered now in my project submission or not.
Requesting to kindly consider current state of my project in submission for my
project.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-17T11:09:20.695Z)

WOMP WOMP should i call a wambulance?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-17T11:10:37.785Z)

(post deleted by author)


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-17T11:12:30.279Z)

@all those who didn’t submit, its ok EVEN I did NOT submit. Even though i get
zero, i am happy with the learning i did. Once again thank you sir
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) . This a been awesome experience
, i haven’t been this alive in forever. Cheers.


---
### Sakthivel S (2025-02-17T11:43:24.604Z)

I noticed something quite funny. The project never specified the required tech
stack, so one could have done this entirely with JavaScript as well, assuming
the necessary libraries are installed.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-17T11:52:41.002Z)

[@TheVishal](/u/thevishal)  
EDIT: Create a new docker image with the mistaken image name , so when they
pull image from repo, that image with the wrong name also gets pulled.  
what to do

  * push a new image with the mistaken name, so in your repo there will be two images  
  
how will this help?

  * since you are unsure, which image link you posted, you can be sure that even you had a mistake in link, a new image will exist with the wrong name after you push another image

@all  
use this to update your image even after submission, as now they only validate
the images, they do not pull it so you can edit your project and add more
functionality if they release the code solutiion

CHEERS  
Andrew OUT.


---
### Sagandeep Kaur (2025-02-17T12:22:39.676Z)

I didn’t submit the google form, I have made the github repo and docker image
for TDS project 1. I, mistakenly, thought that I had submitted the google form
but actually it was saved as a draft and closed my laptop. As soon as I
realized my mistake, I hit the submit button but this was shown then,  
“The form TDS Jan 2025 - Project 1 Submission is no longer accepting
responses.”

I apologize for this. I have been working on this project for weeks.  
This was my first TDS project. I would highly appreciated, if you could help
me.  
Thankyou

GitHub repo:[GitHub - Sagankaur/TDS_project1: LLM-based automation
agent](https://github.com/Sagankaur/TDS_project1)  
Docker : sagandeep/tds_project1


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-02-17T12:47:55.488Z)

Sir, can we get the evaluation script now

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Shambhavi  (2025-02-17T13:55:13.525Z)

If I am not wrong you were getting 9/10 in task A when many of us were stuck
and you didn’t submit… unbelievable :sweat_smile::sweat_smile:


---
### Shambhavi  (2025-02-17T14:03:52.442Z)

Thank you, sir, for giving us this amazing opportunity! Honestly, I learned
more in the last week than I did throughout the three modules.

The project was a rollercoaster ride—especially with all the errors that kept
popping up—but overall, the experience was incredibly enriching. The amount of
knowledge I gained was truly valuable.

A huge thanks to [@Carlton](/u/carlton), [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini),
and [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir for their guidance and support. Without the last
week’s lectures, the project couldn’t have been completed.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-17T14:33:09.731Z)

i couldn’t my code space ran out of compute and then it was just lagging
before i found out what happened , i just submitted old code repo and the
image the we created in week 2 or week1 when had to create docker image for
graded assignments  
EDIT:  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Layout:** The image displays a section related to usage and billing
information, specifically for "Codespaces." It seems to be extracted from a
user interface or dashboard. **Text Elements:** * **"Codespaces"**: The title
of this section. * **"Included quotas reset in 13 days. See billing
documentation"**: A subtitle indicating the quota reset timeframe and provides
a link to billing information. * **"Usage hours"**: A category indicating the
amount of usage of core hours * **"Storage"**: A category related to data
storage. * **"120.00 of 120.00 included core hours used"**: Detailed usage
information for usage hours. This means that all the included core hours has
been used. * **"1.46 of 15.00 included GB-month used"**: Detailed usage
information for data storage. This means the storage space that has been used
so far. * **"$0.00"**: The cost of the included usage hours and storage.
**Graphical Elements:** * **Progress Bars:** There are two horizontal progress
bars. The first one is red and it looks full, indicating that the user has
used all of the allotted usage hours. The second one is blue and it looks
partially filled, indicating that the user has used part of the storage space.
* **Right-Pointing Arrows (">"):** These arrows are positioned to the left of
"Usage hours" and "Storage," potentially indicating that these sections can be
expanded or provide more details when clicked. **Overall Impression:** The
image shows a billing summary for Codespaces usage. It details the current
usage of usage hours and storage, likely within a subscription or quota. The
usage hours have reached the quota limit, while the storage usage is still
below the limit. ]Screenshot 2025-02-16 0911011351×292 13.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/9/b9a9d315d58f80e3b851da3a0e981365d48de980.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-16 091101")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout and Content:** The image is a screenshot of a user interface
element, likely from a web application or software program, related to
"Codespaces" and billing. It shows a warning or informational message.
**Textual Elements:** * **"Your codespaces"**: This is a heading indicating
the context of the content below. * **"Go to docs"**: A button-like element
suggesting access to documentation. * **"New codespace"**: A green button
prompting the user to create a new codespace. * **Warning Message:** Enclosed
in a dark red box is the main message: "You're at 100% of your included usage
for this billing period. For more information, view your billing settings."
**Visual Elements:** * **Warning Icon:** A small icon of an exclamation point
inside a circle is placed at the beginning of the warning message to draw
attention. * **Color Palette:** The color scheme is dark with white/light text
for the main heading and message. The warning message box is dark red to
indicate its importance. The buttons have contrasting colors (dark grey and
green). * **Underlined Text:** Within the warning message, "billing settings"
is underlined, suggesting it's a clickable link. **Interpretation:** The image
is alerting the user that they have used up all the included usage of their
Codespaces for the current billing period. It directs them to the billing
settings for more information on usage and potential options (e.g., upgrading
their plan). The presence of a "New codespace" button suggests the application
allows the user to create new Codespaces, even if they have exceeded their
included usage (likely incurring additional charges).]Screenshot 2025-02-17
2004141338×200 18.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/a/da23d8a478ff6a79db4af56fef947fd376297d82.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-17 200414")

  

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-02-17 2005251312×321 18.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/f/bfa4ea8edf0da66b0bb609f953c06ce7f6bd8e3f.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-17 200525")


---
### Shambhavi  (2025-02-17T15:44:43.711Z)

Wait we had limits in codespace…I didn’t thought much of it but now that I
see… …even mine is not so far from the limit…thanks for reminding…gotta be
careful in next project


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-18T07:30:10.106Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Is there something like peer-
review in the project, I found this in the grading document.

[Image could not be described]

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-02-18 at 1.00.50 PM126×226 2.02
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/8/08a834722986d3dccd4bf9fb24640bd842d76d08.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-18 at 1.00.50 PM")


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-18T07:44:45.153Z)

This project is one of the best experiences I had in the entire degree
program. I could say this without any hesitation that what I learnt in the
past 10 days >> last 3 months.

I really appreciate the idea of open internet type of evaluations, wherein,
you implement things without any constraints, learning for the sake of
implementing.

Doing this project, I also found many new ideas wherein function calling can
be used to solve new problems. I also learned many new things from
enthusiastic peers like [@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382) and also got the chance
to help a few.

I thank the entire TDS team - [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) sir,
[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) for their support throughout
this amazing experience.

Regards,  
Pradeep Mondal


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-14T13:29:17.644Z)

sir using prompt method also i am having the error please provide a step wise
solution so then i can make functions accordingly.

    
    
    #/// Scirpt
    # requires-python = ">=3.13"
    # dependencies = [
    #     "fastapi",
    #     "uvicorn",
    #     "requests",
    # ]
    #///
    
    from fastapi import FastAPI, HTTPException, status
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    from fastapi.responses import JSONResponse
    
    import requests
    import os
    import json
    from subprocess import run
    
    app = FastAPI()
    
    response_format = {
        "type": "json",
        "json_schema": {
            "name": "taks_runner",
            "schema": {
                "type": "object",
                "required": ["python_dependencies","python_code"],
                "properties": {
                    "python_code": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "description": "Python code to perform the task"
                    },
                    "python_dependencies": {
                        "type": "array",
                        "items": {
                            "type": "object",
                            "properties": {
                                "module": {
                                    "type": "string",
                                    "description": "Name of the python module"
                                }
                            },
                            "required": ["module"],
                            "additionalProperties": False
                        }
                }
            }
        }
    }
    }
    
    primary_prompt = """
                    You are an automated agent, so generate python code that does the specified task.
                    Assume that uv and python are pre-installed.
                    Assume that code you generate will be executed inside a docker container.
                    Inorder to perform any task if some python package is required to install, provide name of those modules. 
    """
    
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["*"],
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["GET", "POST"],
        allow_headers=["*"],
    )
    
    AIPROXY_TOKEN = os.getenv("AIPROXY_TOKEN")
    headers = {
        "Content-Type": "application/json",
        "Authorization": f"Bearer {AIPROXY_TOKEN}"
    }
    
    @app.get("/")
    def home():
        return {"welcome to the task runner"}
    @app.post("/run")
    def task_runnner(task: str):
        url = "https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/chat/completions"
        data = {
            "model": "gpt-4o-mini", 
             "messages": [
                 {
                  "role": "user", 
                  "content": task
                  },
                  {
                    "role": "system",
                    "content": f"""{primary_prompt}"""
                }
             ],
             "response_format": response_format
        }
    
        response = requests.post(url=url, headers=headers, json=data)
        r = response.json()
    
        return r
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        import uvicorn
        uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=8000)
    

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Layout:** The image shows the Postman application interface, likely being used
to make an API call. It displays a POST request. **Top Section:** * **Tabs:**
There are multiple tabs open, including: * "POST http:" (potentially multiple
instances) * **Address Bar:** Contains the URL
`http://localhost:8000/run?task=The file /data/dates.txt con...`. This
indicates the API endpoint being targeted is at `localhost:8000/run`, and a
query parameter "task" is being passed with the value related to a file path.
* **Buttons:** "Save" and "Share" buttons. A "Send" button is prominently
displayed to execute the request. **Middle Section:** * **Request Type:** The
request type is set to "POST". * **URL:** The URL is repeated below the
request type: `http://localhost:8000/run?task=The file /data/dates.txt co...`
* **Tabs (Request Configuration):** "Params", "Auth", "Headers (7)", "Body",
"Scripts", "Tests", and "Settings" tabs are visible. The "Params" tab seems to
be active. * **Params Tab:** * A parameter "task" is defined, and its value is
set to "The file /data/dates.txt co...". **Bottom Section (Response):** *
**Body:** This section displays the API response. * **Format:** The format is
set to "JSON". * **Preview:** The response is being viewed in "Preview" mode.
* **Response Status:** A "200 OK" status code is displayed, along with the
response time (1.83 s) and size (386 B). * **JSON Content:** The JSON response
contains the following: * An "error" object: * "message": "Invalid value:
'json'. Supported values are: 'json\\_object', 'json\\_schema', and 'text'."
This suggests the server is expecting a different type of data for the "task"
parameter. It might be expecting a JSON object, JSON schema, or plain text. *
"type": "invalid\\_request\\_error" * "param": "response\\_format.type" *
"code": "invalid\\_value" * "monthlyCost": A floating-point number
(0.07081907999999999) * "cost": 0 * "monthlyRequ" (likely truncated) **In
Summary:** The image illustrates an API request in Postman that is returning
an error. The server is complaining about the data type being passed for the
"task" parameter. The response also includes some numeric values for cost
calculations. ]Screenshot 2025-02-14 1858201945×1484 229
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/6/a60823d7458d88b699955503f1e0665b9f4e4a4c.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-14 185820")

[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) ,
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-14T15:18:46.195Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: The image
consists of a green square with the letter "S" centered within it. The "S" is
white and appears to be in lowercase. The green background seems solid and
uniform in color. There aren't any other objects, patterns, or textures
visible. The image is simple and straightforward. ] Sakshi6479:

>
>     {
>         "type": "json",
>         "json_schema": {
>             "name": "taks_runner",
>             "schema": {
>                 "type": "object",
>                 "required": ["python_dependencies","python_code"],
>                 "properties": {
>                     "python_code": {
>                         "type": "string",
>                         "description": "Python code to perform the task"
>                     },
>                     "python_dependencies": {
>                         "type": "array",
>                         "items": {
>                             "type": "object",
>                             "properties": {
>                                 "module": {
>                                     "type": "string",
>                                     "description": "Name of the python
> module"
>                                 }
>                             },
>                             "required": ["module"],
>                             "additionalProperties": False
>                         }
>                 }
>             }
>         }
>     }
>     }
>  

It clearly says in your error message:

Invalid value: ‘json’

if you look at the “type” key in your response_format variable at the top,

the value cannot be “json”

The error is telling you what the supported values are

‘json_object’, ‘json_schema’, and ‘text’

Since you are defining a schema the correct value should be ‘json_schema’

So therefore you should change

    
    
    "type": "json"
    

to

    
    
    "type": "json_schema"
    

If you have trouble constructing Json schemas,  
either feed it to gpt and have it correct it (along with your error) or please
go over Module 3, in particular

<https://tds.s-anand.net/#/llm-text-extraction>

There is a clear example you can use as a template. We use the same one as a
template when we do it in the sessions. That way you will make less errors.

Kind regards


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-18T15:50:42.691Z)

Thanks [@21f2000709](/u/21f2000709) for kind words

Tagging Saransh for his efforts to project [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini).

[@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382) most active student on this post thanks to you
too.

Kind regards


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-18T16:10:39.846Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a portrait of a young man, likely in his late 20s
or early 30s. He appears to be outdoors, based on the natural light and
greenery in the background. **Subject:** * **Appearance:** The man has short,
dark hair and a light complexion. He has a well-groomed appearance. *
**Attire:** He is wearing a plaid shirt. The colors appear to be a mix of dark
shades, potentially including gray, blue, and brown. * **Expression:** He has
a neutral or slightly pleasant expression. He is looking directly at the
camera. **Background:** * The background is blurred, suggesting a shallow
depth of field, which helps to focus attention on the subject. * There are
plants and foliage visible in the background, suggesting the setting might be
a garden, park, or outdoor area with landscaping. Part of a window can be seen
in the background. **Overall Quality:** * The image is reasonably well-lit,
with good exposure. * The focus is sharp on the man's face. **Possible
Interpretations Based on Content:** * The image may be a profile picture, a
casual portrait, or a headshot for professional networking. * The relaxed pose
and outdoor setting suggest a casual or approachable vibe. If you have any
specific questions you want answered about the image, feel free to ask! ]
21f2000709:

> [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Is there something like peer-
> review in the project, I found this in the grading document.

Anyone having any idea on this?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-24T09:01:12.099Z)

No human peer reviews. The peer will be an LLM that has been given the rubrics
and fine tuned.

Kind regards


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-02-24T09:47:29.302Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a headshot of a man. The lighting is soft and warm,
giving the image an inviting feel. **Subject:** * A man with short, dark hair
that is neatly styled. * He's wearing glasses with a dark frame. The glasses
appear to be rectangular. * He has fair skin and a warm complexion. * He's
wearing a dark, likely purple button-down shirt. * He's smiling slightly,
creating a pleasant and approachable expression. **Background:** * The
background appears to be a solid, light-colored wall. The color seems to be a
warm beige or off-white, creating a soft backdrop. **Additional Details:** *
The image quality seems decent, though the resolution is not extremely high. *
There are no visible distractions in the image. The focus is clearly on the
man's face. Based on the image alone, there is no text or other explicit
information that could provide further details about the man's identity,
profession, or location. ] carlton:

> The peer will be an LLM that has been given the rubrics and fine tuned.

May the peer give me good marks :slight_smile:


---
### Yogesh (2025-02-25T08:02:56.360Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) Would the scores of project 1 be released tomorrow?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-26T02:41:56.425Z)

[@Yogesh1](/u/yogesh1)

~~We do not have an ETA on Project 1 scores yet. Might have more clarity
soon.~~

Project 1 scores will be available roughly second week of March.

Kind regards


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-26T02:51:34.212Z)

[@lakshaygarg654](/u/lakshaygarg654)

I know this is a late reply, but its not possible for us to consider changes
to your project after the deadline for academic integrity purposes.

If we were to allow it, we would have to allow everyone to make changes to
their project as well for it to be fair.

Kind regards


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-26T02:53:21.351Z)

We will soon provide a complete solution for Project 1 because of its valuable
learning.


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-02-26T06:30:31.260Z)

Alright, [@Carlton](/u/carlton). No problem at all, and thank you for your
response.

I just wanted to bring a small limitation in my project’s LLM function to your
attention, which I discovered after submission. It may impact one or two
tasks. However, no concerns—this has been a great learning experience.

And if possible, just add one line in your Evaluation LLM prompt: _“Give loose
marking for effort!”_ —because, you know, creativity deserves some extra
credit! :slightly_smiling_face:


---
### Garima (2025-03-12T14:34:53.467Z)

I am not able to see my project marks please look into the problem


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-14T11:00:33.184Z)

Its not been evaluated yet.

We are still processing them.

Kind regards


---
### Naga durga prasad E (2025-03-16T15:13:37.996Z)

So will the solution be based on New MCP style or will they use the same
function calling?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-17T12:40:26.308Z)

Definitely MCP style. Its the most elegant solution and it works beautifully.
As soon as evals are done we will showcase it.


---
### Yogesh (2025-03-22T13:24:45.799Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) Any ETA on project 1 scores?


---
### Manmeet Kaur (2025-03-23T07:02:28.304Z)

I would like to request some bonus like 0.5 bonus mark for each day of delay
from the original expected date of receiving score for Project 1 (will be
life-saving for us and will be an incentive for team to release scores
quickly; or request to TAs if you had better ideas for helping us score more
in Project 1)! :smiley:


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-26T08:05:58.369Z)

Any Updates? Can we expect it to be out before P2 deadline?


---
### Shreyan Chaubey (2025-03-31T21:05:36.632Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content
Overview:** The image displays a checklist or a report of some kind, likely
related to a software project or repository assessment. It shows a list of
criteria, each followed by a "PASS" or "FAIL" indicator. At the end of the
list is a project score. **Detailed Description:** 1\. **Is Docker image
present in dockerhub AND is public: FAIL** This indicates that the project
lacks a publicly available Docker image in Docker Hub. The "FAIL" status is
highlighted with a red circle. 2\. **Is Github repo present AND public:
PASS:** A public Github repository for the project exists. 3\. **Is Dockerfile
present in root of github repo: PASS:** The Github repository contains a
Dockerfile in its root directory. 4\. **Is MIT license present at root of
github repo: PASS:** The Github repository contains an MIT license file in its
root directory. 5\. **Prerequisites: FAIL:** This suggests that some
prerequisites for the project have not been met. 6\. **Project 1 Score: 0**
The project is scored as 0, based on the criteria checked. **Overall
Impression:** The image suggests that the project is missing a key element
(Docker image in Docker Hub) and has unmet prerequisites. However, it
successfully includes a public Github repository, Dockerfile and MIT license.
This has resulted in an overall score of 0. ]image412×167 4.49
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/9/19ee62dc5d7a4dc1f92c30889a34483fe266978d.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Structure:** The image displays a table-like structure likely from a website
or application, possibly related to version control or repository management
(like GitHub). It presents information about items, showing their last push
time, content type, and visibility setting. **Columns and Rows:** *
**Columns:** * "Last Pushed" with an upward arrow indicating sorting by
recency. * "Contains" * "Visibility" * **Rows:** The image displays two rows
of data. **Data:** * **Row 1:** * Last Pushed: "about 2 hours ago" * Contains:
"IMAGE" * Visibility: "Public" * **Row 2:** * Last Pushed: "2 months ago" *
Contains: "IMAGE" * Visibility: "Public" **Annotations:** There are red
markings in the image: * A line under "about 2 hours ago" * A rough circle
around "Public" in the first row. **In essence, the image shows a list of two
items, both containing images and set to public visibility, but with vastly
different last pushed times (2 hours ago vs. 2 months ago). The annotations
highlight the recency of the first item and its public
visibility.**]image439×204 7.25 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/c/ec83ed7abc829b1bf89cfa30f9c84c1075717a63.png
"image")

_**This docker image has outlived many students’ hopes, dreams and ambitions
of passing this course.**_

**Why is it still not being detected properly on the docker hub?**  
What in the April Fools is this :unamused_face:

> It hasn’t even been morning yet!

PS ( [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ): My P1 submission had
passed all the basic sanity checks on 15th February. No breaking modifications
to the Github repo nor the DockerHub image have been made since then. There’s
something bugged in your scripts. Kindly check.


---
### Bharat Choudhary (2025-04-01T01:53:24.825Z)

same issue here

i have my git repo public but its saying i don’t have public git repo, also i
have dockerfile in my root folder but its also said fail, same for mit license  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall Content:** The image is a screenshot of a GitHub repository named "TDS_Project_1" in a web browser. It showcases the code repository's file structure, recent commits, and some additional repository details. A Snipping Tool window is open in the lower right corner, indicating that the screenshot was recently taken and saved to the screenshots folder. **Key Elements:** 1\. **GitHub Repository:** * **Name:** TDS\\_Project\\_1 * **Owner:** 231000879 * **Status:** Public * **Branch:** "main" is selected. * **File Structure:** The image displays the files and directories within the repository. Some files include: * `__pycache__` (a directory) * `data` (a directory) * `Dockerfile` * `LICENSE` * `README.md` * `app.py` * `datagen.py` * `evaluate.py` * `tasksA.py` * `tasksB.py` * **Commits:** It shows recent commits along with their descriptions and timestamps (e.g., "completed final," "Implemented API for automation agent," "Added Dockerfile"). All appear to be "2 months ago". * **About Section:** Displays repository metadata, e.g., description, license, activity, watchers, forks. In this instance it states "No description, website, or topics provided". * **Language Breakdown:** Shows language composition of the repository (Python 98.1%, Dockerfile 1.9%). * **Suggested Workflows:** Suggests SLSA Generic generator. 2\. **Snipping Tool:** * A pop-up window with the message "Screenshot copied to clipboard. Automatically saved to screenshots folder." * Options for "Mark-up and share" are visible. 3\. **Web Browser UI:** * The top of the screen shows a typical web browser interface with tabs, address bar, and navigation buttons. * The address bar reads "github.com/231000879/TDS\\_Project\\_1." * Tabs visible: "md 1 project", "GATE\\_CS\\_2023\\_Syllab...", "GATE\\_DA\\_2023\\_Syllab...", "web dev", "Deep Learning for C...", "linkedin", "Internshala Trainings", "Untitled.ipynb-Co...", "Home | Google Sum...", "ChatGPT" **Inferences and Observations:** * The repository is likely a Python project based on the file names (.py extension) and language distribution. * The commits indicate the project is related to automation, with an "automation agent" mentioned. * The presence of a Dockerfile suggests the project is containerized. In summary, the image captures a GitHub repository's landing page, showing its structure, recent activity, and some repository details. ]image1889×1022 122 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/3/83f8c6d4eb6481e3b9089ce75d1665cf312904be.png "image")


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-01T05:56:46.782Z)

yes sir same problem  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall:** The image depicts a terminal window, likely running a shell
(possibly bash) on a Windows machine utilizing a MINGW64 environment (often
associated with Git Bash). The terminal is displaying commands and their
output. **Textual Content and Commands:** 1\. **Initial prompt:**
`hsent@DESKTOP-89FBVHS MINGW64 ~ (main)` * `hsent`: This is likely the
username. * `DESKTOP-89FBVHS`: This is the computer's hostname. * `MINGW64`:
This indicates the MINGW64 environment, suggesting a Windows setup using a
Unix-like shell. * `~`: Represents the user's home directory. * `(main)`:
Indicates the current Git branch (likely "main"). * `cd hello_world`: The user
changes the directory to `hello_world`. 2\. **Second prompt:**
`hsent@DESKTOP-89FBVHS MINGW64 ~/hello_world (main)` * Shows that the current
directory is now `~/hello_world`. 3\. **Incorrect command attempt:**
`$^[[200~1s -1 Dockerfile` * The user likely intended to run a command
involving `ls -l Dockerfile` but there are some unreadable characters before
the ls command that renders the command unexecutable. * `bash: $'\E[200~1s':
command not found` The system indicates that the preceding command could not
be found. 4\. **Empty prompt:** `$ ` * A blank prompt suggests the previous
command attempt failed. 5\. **Correct command attempt:** `$ ls -l Dockerfile`
* `ls -l Dockerfile`: A standard Linux command to list the details of a file
named "Dockerfile". 6\. **Output of the 'ls -l' command:** `-rw-r--r-- 1 hsent
197609 343 Feb 16 18:50 Dockerfile` * `-rw-r--r--`: File permissions. * `1`:
Number of hard links. * `hsent`: Owner of the file. * `197609`: Size of the
file in bytes. * `343`: Size of the file in bytes. * `Feb 16 18:50`: Date and
time of last modification. * `Dockerfile`: The name of the file. 7\. **Last
Command**: `$ ^C` * The user inputted `^C` which means it stopped the
execution of a command, potentially because it was taking too long or was not
working as expected. **Key Observations:** * The user navigates to a directory
called "hello\\_world". * They attempt to list the details of a file called
"Dockerfile" * After the first attempt resulted in a failure, the user
successfully executes the command `ls -l Dockerfile` and the output showing
file details is displayed. * The user inputted `^C` which means it stopped the
execution of a command. This image likely captures a session where someone is
working with a Dockerfile within a project directory. ]image885×346 15.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/9/39b684382d117b9388443c38b9f83bad7be3e0ab.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Structure:** * The
image is a screenshot of a GitHub repository page. * It shows the main page of
a repository named "hello\\_world" owned by a user named "Harish0185".
**Header Area:** * **GitHub Logo:** In the upper left corner, there's the
standard GitHub logo. * **Repository Path:** "Harish0185 / hello\\_world" is
displayed, indicating the user and repository name. * **Search Bar:** A search
bar with the prompt "Type / to search" is present in the upper right corner. *
**Navigation Menu:** A navigation bar contains links such as "Code", "Issues",
"Pull requests", "Actions", "Projects", "Wiki", "Security", "Insights", and
"Settings." **Repository Details:** * **Repository Name:** "hello\\_world" is
prominently displayed, marked as "Public". * **Repository Actions:** Buttons
to "Pin" and "Unwatch" the repository are present. * **Branch Information:**
The current branch is "main", with indicators showing "2 Branches" and "0
Tags." * **File Navigation:** A search box labeled "Go to file" is visible. *
**"Add file" and "Code" Buttons:** Buttons for adding files and actions
related to code are located on the right side. **File Listing:** * **Commit
History:** "Harish0185" has committed "Create app.py" with commit hash
"ee31a25", "2 months ago", and "4 Commits" * **Files & Descriptions:** A list
of files and folders with brief descriptions: * "LICENSE" with the description
"Create LICENSE" * "README.md" with the description "Initial commit" *
"app.py" with the description "Create app.py" * **README:** The text "README"
is displayed together with "MIT license". **Overall Impression:** The image is
a standard GitHub repository view, showing the basic structure and contents of
a simple project called "hello\\_world". It displays file organization, commit
history, and options for repository management. ]image1330×718 54.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/d/bd62713ca6104d0402b6d5a3592551e4e47e520f.png
"image")

please check and say sir.

[[Image could not be described]image1918×1078 187
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/f/8f0f30201aeb3a71b6a2167b9f42246665cf2411.png
"image")

sir it seems like there was a problem when i pushed this files to the repo but
i defenitely did correctly. PLease allow me to add docker file alone with your
permission. As you can see i haven’t opened the dockerfile since the last date
of project 1. Kindly allow this sir. and i have MiT license in my repo but
still showing fail . kindly check that also sir.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-01T06:04:51.580Z)

yes sir same problem  

[[Image could not be described]image885×346 15.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/9/39b684382d117b9388443c38b9f83bad7be3e0ab.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
the text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Context:** * The image is
a screenshot of a GitHub repository webpage. The repository is named
"hello_world" and belongs to the user "Harish0185". The repository is public.
**Top Navigation Bar:** * **User and Repository:** "Harish0185 /
hello\\_world" is displayed, indicating the user and the repository name. *
**Navigation Tabs:** The main navigation tabs for a GitHub repository are
visible: "Code," "Issues," "Pull requests," "Actions," "Projects," "Wiki,"
"Security," "Insights," "Settings." The "Code" tab is currently selected
(highlighted). * **Search Bar:** A search bar is present with the prompt "Type
/ to search." * **Pin/Unwatch:** There are options to "Pin" or "Unwatch" the
repository. **Repository Content:** * **Repository Name:** A larger
"hello\\_world" (with a globe icon) is present, re-emphasizing the repository
name. "Public" is indicated next to it. * **Branch Information:** The
currently selected branch is "main," with "2 Branches" and "0 Tags" also
displayed. * **File Navigation:** There's a "Go to file" search bar for
quickly finding specific files. * **Add file:** A button to add a new file to
the repository. * **Code dropdown:** A button with "<> Code" **File Listing:**
* A list of files/directories in the repository is shown. Each item typically
displays an icon representing the file type, the file/directory name, a commit
message, and the last modified time. * **Harish0185:** Create app.py: The
latest commit. * **LICENSE:** "Create LICENSE", 2 months ago * **README.md:**
"Initial commit", 2 months ago * **app.py:** "Create app.py", 2 months ago *
**README and license:** README with MIT license is at the end of the file
list. **Key Observations:** * The repository seems to be in an early stage,
with recent activity (all files are 2 months old). * The repository contains a
LICENSE file, a README.md file, and an "app.py" file. * There are 4 commits
total in the "Harish0185" create "app.py" commit. * The UI elements suggest
it's the default "Code" view of a GitHub repository.]image1330×718 54.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/d/bd62713ca6104d0402b6d5a3592551e4e47e520f.png
"image")

please check and say sir.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall:** The image is a screenshot of a Windows File Explorer window. The
dark theme is enabled. **File Explorer Window:** * **Title Bar:** The title
bar shows "hello\\_world" (the name of the directory). * **Address Bar:** It
shows the path to the current directory: `This PC > OS (C:) > Users > hsent >
hello_world`. * **Navigation Bar:** Shows backward/forward buttons, refresh,
etc. * **Menu Bar:** Includes options like "New," "Sort," and "View." *
**Search Bar:** A search bar on the right side with the text "Search
hello\\_world." * **File List:** * `.git` (File folder) * `app` (Python Source
File, 1 KB) * `Dockerfile` (File, 1 KB) * `LICENSE` (File, 2 KB) * `README`
(Markdown Source File, 1 KB) * `requirements` (Text Document, 1 KB) * The
"Date modified," "Type," and "Size" column headers are visible. * **Left
Sidebar (Navigation Pane):** Lists "Downloads," "Documents," "Pictures,"
"Music," "Videos," "main", "Invoice new 1", "Agent\\_ai", "grok", "This PC,"
"Network," and "Linux." * **Bottom Status Bar:** Displays "6 items."
**Taskbar:** * Windows Start button * Search icon * Microsoft Edge, Discord,
File Explorer, Dell SupportAssist, Visual Studio Code, Telegram, Windows
Terminal, Mail and another application are open and visible in the taskbar. *
Notification area: "ENG IN," the date "01-04-2025," and the time "11:32" are
visible. ]image1918×1078 187 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/f/8f0f30201aeb3a71b6a2167b9f42246665cf2411.png
"image")

sir it seems like there was a problem when i pushed this files to the repo but
i defenitely did correctly. PLease allow me to add docker file alone with your
permission. As you can see i haven’t opened the dockerfile since the last date
of project 1. Kindly allow this sir. and i have MiT license in my repo but
still showing fail . kindly check that also sir.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Veer Shah (2025-04-01T16:52:05.625Z)

same issue with me , my repo has both the dockerfile , license and is public.
Please look into this . [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir . [GitHub -
veershah1231/tds_proj_1: Tds
project](https://github.com/veershah1231/tds_proj_1) and i have made them 2
months ago and is not a new commit.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
the key elements: **Overall Impression:** The image is a screenshot of an
email. The email provides feedback on Project 1 prerequisites for a learner.
The results of several checks are presented, showing whether the learner has
met the necessary requirements. **Key Text Elements and Content:** * **Email
Header:** Shows the sender (22t1 se2002), the time (1:27 AM), and the
recipient ("to me"). * **Salutation:** "Dear Learner," * **Project
Information:** The email is about "Project 1" and refers to "TDS Project 1:
Evaluation page" for more details. * **Prerequisites Listed (numbered 1-5):**
* GitHub repository existence and public accessibility. * GitHub repository
containing a LICENSE file with the MIT license. * GitHub repository having a
valid Dockerfile. * Docker image being publicly accessible and runnable via
podman. * The Docker image using the same Dockerfile as in the GitHub
repository. * **Important Note:** Failure to meet the minimum requirements
will result in the submission not being evaluated. * **Evaluation Results:** *
"Is Docker image present in dockerhub AND is public: PASS" * "Is Github repo
present AND public: FAIL" * "Is Dockerfile present in root of github repo:
FAIL" * "Is MIT license present at root of github repo: FAIL" * **Final
Result:** * "Prerequisites: FAIL" * "Project 1 Score: 0" **Summary:** The
email informs the learner that they have failed some of the prerequisites for
Project 1. While their Docker image is present and public, they are missing a
public GitHub repository, a Dockerfile in the repository's root, and an MIT
license in the repository's root. As a result, they have failed the
prerequisites and received a project score of 0.]10001053861072×1787 256
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/f/7f60eaa650a67981fa545775751b5533966b09e3.jpeg
"1000105386")


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-06T06:44:58.937Z)

I came pretty close, but too close(double entendre) to the deadline. Classic
ICARUS stuff

0/20 :neutral_face::ok_hand:t2:


---
