### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-14T12:38:47.883Z)

sir i am getting an error in this function calling which you have demonstrate
yesterday , i am attaching my code also the error with it. Please take a look
and provide the solution as the deadline is close please help me as soon as
possible.  
is there anything to do with dockerfile or anything else please explain it how
to do it step by step.

    
    
    import os
    from dotenv import load_dotenv
    import json
    import requests
    from fastapi import FastAPI, HTTPException
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    import pandas as pd
    from fastapi.responses import StreamingResponse, JSONResponse
    from typing import Dict, Any, List
    import subprocess
    import datetime
    from pathlib import Path
    import sqlite3
    
    app = FastAPI()
    
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["*"],
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["GET", "POST"],
        allow_headers=["*"],
    )
    
    #AIPROXY_TOKEN = os.getenv("AIPROXY_TOKEN")
    load_dotenv()
    AIPROXY_TOKEN = os.getenv("AIPROXY_TOKEN", "enter your token here")
    
    
    def sort_contacts(contacts_file_path: str, output_file_path: str):
        try:
            contacts = pd.read_json(contacts_file_path)
            contacts.sort_values(["last_name", "first_name"]).to_json(output_file_path, orient="records")
            return {"message": f"Contacts sorted and saved to {output_file_path}"}
        except Exception as e:
            return {"error": f"Failed to sort contacts: {str(e)}"}
    
    
    a4_tool = {
        "type": "function",
        "function": {
            "name": "sort_contacts",
            "description": "This function takes data from a json file and sorts the data first by last name and then by first name, then it stores it inside the speicfied location.",
            "parameters": {
                "type": "object",
                "properties": {
                    "contacts_file_path": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "description": "The relative path to the input JSON file containing the contacts."
                    },
                    "output_file_path": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "description": "The relative path to the output JSON file to store the sorted contacts."
                    }
                },
                "required": ["contacts_file_path", "output_file_path"],
                "additionalProperties": False
            },
            "strict": True
        },
    }
    
    
    tools = [bakecake, a1_tool, a2_tool, a3_tool, a4_tool, a5_tool, a6_tool, a7_tool, a8_tool, a9_tool, a10_tool]
    
    
    
    def query_gpt(user_input: str, tools: list[dict] = tools) -> dict:
        response = requests.post(
            url="https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/chat/completions",
            headers={
                "Content-Type": "application/json",
                "Authorization": f"Bearer {AIPROXY_TOKEN}"
            },
            json={
                "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
                "messages": [
                    {
                        "role": "user",
                        "content": user_input
                    }
                ],
                "tools": tools,
                "tool_choice": "auto"
            }
        )
        return response.json()
    
    @app.get("/")
    def home():
        return {"Hello": "World"}
    
    @app.get("/read")
    def read_file(path: str):
        try:
            with open(path, "r") as f:
                return f.read()
        except Exception as e:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=404, detail="File does not exist")
    
    @app.post("/run")
    async def run(task: str):
        query = query_gpt(task)
        print(query)  # Print the full response to inspect it.
        
        if 'choices' not in query:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail="Invalid response format from GPT API")
        
        try:
            tool_calls = query['choices'][0]['message'].get('tool_calls', [])
            if tool_calls:
                func_name = tool_calls[0]['function']['name']
                args = json.loads(tool_calls[0]['function']['arguments'])
                
                # Map function names to their respective functions
                function_map = {
                    "cakebake": cakebake,
                    "install_uv_and_run_datagen": install_uv_and_run_datagen,
                    "format_markdown_file": format_markdown_file,
                    "count_wednesdays": count_wednesdays,
                    "sort_contacts": sort_contacts,
                    "extract_recent_logs": extract_recent_logs,
                    "create_markdown_index": create_markdown_index,
                    "extract_sender_email": extract_sender_email,
                    "extract_credit_card_number": extract_credit_card_number,
                    "find_similar_comments": find_similar_comments,
                    "calculate_gold_ticket_sales": calculate_gold_ticket_sales,
                }
                
                if func_name in function_map:
                    output = function_map[func_name](**args)
                else:
                    raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail="Unknown function called")
            else:
                raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail="No function call found in response")
        except KeyError as e:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail=f"KeyError: Missing key in response - {str(e)}")
        except Exception as e:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail=f"Error processing the request: {str(e)}")
        
        return output
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        import uvicorn
        uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=8000)
    

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a screenshot of the Postman application, a tool
used for testing APIs (Application Programming Interfaces). It shows a request
being made to a local server and the response received. **Key Text and
Information:** * **Tabs:** The top row shows several tabs, including "GET
http:," and three "POST http" tabs, which suggests that multiple API requests
have been made. * **Request Type:** "POST" is highlighted in a dropdown,
indicating that the request being displayed uses the POST method. * **URL:**
The URL being accessed is "http://127.0.0.1:8000/run?task=Sort the array of
contacts in/...". * **Parameters:** There is one parameter called "task",
which is selected (the checkbox is checked) * Key: task * Value: Sort the
array of contacts i... * **Response:** The "Body" section is selected and
shows a JSON response. * Status Code: 200 OK, indicating the request was
received and processed by the server. * Error Message: The JSON body includes
an "error" field with the message "Failed to sort contacts: File
/data/contacts.json does not exist". This means the API call attempted to sort
contacts from a JSON file, but the specified file could not be found at that
location. **Other Visual Elements:** * **Buttons:** "Save" and "Share" are
visible, indicating options to save or share the API request setup. There is a
button labelled "Send" to trigger the request. * **Tabs:** There are tabs for
"Params," "Auth," "Headers (7)," "Body," "Scripts," "Tests," and "Settings."
This reflects the various aspects you can configure when making an API request
in Postman. * **JSON Display:** The response body is displayed in a formatted
JSON view. * **Timer:** A timer showing "2.96s" means the request took 2.96
seconds to complete. * **Size:** The response size is 201 B.
**Interpretation:** The user is making a POST request to a local server
running on port 8000. The request is attempting to execute a task that
involves sorting contacts, and the task's parameter is named accordingly.
However, the server returned an error because the specified JSON file
containing the contact data could not be found. ]Screenshot 2025-02-14
1712172075×1343 176 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/5/255972d284f089960091b482f45a9c8f83919195.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-14 171217")

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) , [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-14T13:01:08.797Z)

Hi Sakshi,

The error is quite clear, it cannot find the file /data/contacts.json

Question: What creates the /data/contacts.json file?


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-14T13:30:26.445Z)

so how to do it sir that the thing i am not able to understand.


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-14T13:59:34.581Z)

sir kindly help me with this the time is running and i am still at the
starting stage of project.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-14T14:16:24.088Z)

Sakshi as the error says it’s unable to find your file. Try adding a . (dot)
before the location.


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-14T14:32:12.846Z)

sir i have used the dot(.) while sending the request to postman in the query
which i provided to the task. Is the dot(.) should be added somewhere else?


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-14T15:07:26.713Z)

If you have added that dot as a prefix to your locations then, you would have
to structure your query_gpt in such a way that it takes these dots into
consideration.


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-14T17:48:35.347Z)

sir i have tried that by putting by doing this

    
    
    import os
    from dotenv import load_dotenv
    import json
    import requests
    from dateutil import parser as date_parser
    from sklearn.metrics.pairwise import cosine_similarity
    from fastapi import FastAPI, HTTPException
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    import pandas as pd
    from fastapi.responses import StreamingResponse, JSONResponse
    from typing import Dict, Any, List
    import subprocess
    import datetime
    from pathlib import Path
    import sqlite3
    import base64
    import mimetypes
    import numpy as np
    
    
    app = FastAPI()
    
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["*"],
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["GET", "POST"],
        allow_headers=["*"],
    )
    
    #AIPROXY_TOKEN = os.getenv("AIPROXY_TOKEN")
    AIPROXY_TOKEN = os.getenv("AIPROXY_TOKEN")
    def cakebake(no_people: int, flavor: str):
        return {"message": f"Making a {flavor} cake for {no_people} people"}
    
    bakecake = {
        "type": "function",
        "function": {
            "name": "cakebake",
            "description": "Make a cake for all iitm students contain its emailids",
            "parameters": {
                "type": "object",
                "properties": {
                    "no_people": {
                        "type": "integer",
                        "description": "Number of people"
                    },
                    "flavor": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "description": "Flavor of the cake"
                    }
                },
                "required": ["no_people", "flavor"],
                "additionalProperties": False
            },
            "strict": True
        }
    }
    
    def sort_contacts(contacts_file_path: str, output_file_path: str):
        try:
            contacts = pd.read_json(contacts_file_path)
            contacts.sort_values(["last_name", "first_name"]).to_json(output_file_path, orient="records")
            return {"message": f"Contacts sorted and saved to {output_file_path}"}
        except Exception as e:
            return {"error": f"Failed to sort contacts: {str(e)}"}
    
    tools = [bakecake, a1_tool, a2_tool, a3_tool, a4_tool, a5_tool, a6_tool, a7_tool, a8_tool, a9_tool, a10_tool]
    
    
    
    def query_gpt(user_input: str, tools: list[dict] = tools) -> dict[str, Any]:
        response = requests.post(
            url="https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/chat/completions",
            headers={
                "Content-Type": "application/json",
                "Authorization": f"Bearer {AIPROXY_TOKEN}"
            },
            json={
                "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
                "messages": [
                    {
                        "role": "system",
                        "content": """
                            Whenever you receive a system directory location, always make it into a realtive path, for example adding a . before it would make it relative path, rest is on you to manage, I just want the relative path"""
                    },
                    {
                        "role": "user",
                        "content": user_input
                    }
                ],
                "tools": tools,
                "tool_choice": "auto"
            }
        )
        return response.json()
    
    @app.get("/")
    def home():
        return {"Hello": "World"}
    
    @app.get("/read")
    def read_file(path: str):
        try:
            with open(path, "r") as f:
                return f.read()
        except Exception as e:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=404, detail="File does not exist")
    
    @app.post("/run")
    async def run(task: str):
        query = query_gpt(task)
        print(query)  # Print the full response to inspect it.
        
        if 'choices' not in query:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail="Invalid response format from GPT API")
        
        try:
            tool_calls = query['choices'][0]['message'].get('tool_calls', [])
            if tool_calls:
                func_name = tool_calls[0]['function']['name']
                args = json.loads(tool_calls[0]['function']['arguments'])
                
                # Map function names to their respective functions
                function_map = {
                    "cakebake": cakebake,
                    "install_uv_and_run_datagen": install_uv_and_run_datagen,
                    "format_markdown_file": format_markdown_file,
                    "count_wednesdays": count_wednesdays,
                    "sort_contacts": sort_contacts,
                    "extract_recent_logs": extract_recent_logs,
                    "create_markdown_index": create_markdown_index,
                    "extract_sender_email": extract_sender_email,
                    "extract_credit_card_number": extract_credit_card_number,
                    "find_similar_comments": find_similar_comments,
                    "calculate_gold_ticket_sales": calculate_gold_ticket_sales,
                }
                
                if func_name in function_map:
                    output = function_map[func_name](**args)
                else:
                    raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail="Unknown function called")
            else:
                raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail="No function call found in response")
        except KeyError as e:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail=f"KeyError: Missing key in response - {str(e)}")
        except Exception as e:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail=f"Error processing the request: {str(e)}")
        
        return output
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        import uvicorn
        uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=8000)
    

and also i am sending postman request as <http://localhost:8000/run?task=The>
file ./data/dates.txt contains a list of dates, one per line. Count the number
of Wednesdays in the list, and write just the number to ./data/dates-
wednesdays.txt  
do I need to use dockerfile for this? i am still getting the same error as  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Impression:** The image shows a screenshot of a Postman (or similar
API testing tool) interface. It depicts an API request being made, along with
the server's response. The error message in the response indicates an issue
with accessing a specific file. **Key Elements:** 1\. **Request Type and
URL:** * Method: `POST` * URL: `http://localhost:8000/run?task=The file
./data/dates.txt co` * The URL suggests a local server running on port 8000. *
The `run` endpoint takes a query parameter named `task`. * The value assigned
to the `task` parameter seems to be a file path: `./data/dates.txt` (possibly
truncated). 2\. **Request Parameters:** * Tab selected is labeled "Params" *
One parameter listed with key "task" and value: "The file ./data/dates.txt
c..." * Checkbox next to "task" parameter is selected, indicating that the
parameter is included in the request. 3\. **Request Headers:** * Headers:
"(7)" is present indicating that the request contains 7 headers. 4\.
**Response Details:** * **Status Code:** `200 OK` * **Response Time:** `2.72
s` * **Response Size:** `220 B` * **Body:** The response is formatted as JSON.
* There is an `"error"` field with the message: `"Failed to count Wednesdays:
[Errno 2] No such file or directory: './data/dates.txt'"` * This reveals that
the server-side code attempts to read the file `./data/dates.txt`. * The
`[Errno 2]` is a standard error code indicating that the file was not found.
**Interpretation:** The API request seems to be triggering a script or
function on the server that processes a file named `dates.txt` located in the
`./data` directory. However, the server is unable to find this file at the
specified path. The error message suggests a file path issue. **Possible
Issues and Solutions:** * **File Path Correctness:** The path
`./data/dates.txt` may be incorrect relative to the server's current working
directory. You might need to provide the full (absolute) path or adjust the
relative path. * **File Existence:** The file `dates.txt` may not exist in the
`./data` directory. * **Permissions:** The server process might not have the
necessary permissions to read the file. * **Typos:** Double-check for typos in
the file path (case sensitivity might matter depending on the OS). In summary,
the image demonstrates an API request to a local server that is failing
because it cannot locate the specified data file. The error message provides
valuable information for debugging the issue. ]Screenshot 2025-02-14
2317521786×1065 74.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/c/3c786f00a8e4f37db2c31ff21edffb3e68396b59.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-14 231752")

  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) ,
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-14T17:55:28.433Z)

have you first post a request for task A1 as it creates the data folder along
with all the other files .


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-14T18:19:59.123Z)

no actually do we have to create another file for that or we have to request
post in this one ? can you guide me for that step wise . it would be very
helpful.


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-14T18:22:49.379Z)

by running task A1 , it automatically creates a data folder along with all the
files in it. Without running task A1 you can’t do rest of A tasks


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-14T18:38:09.127Z)

how can i run A1 task can elaborate a little bit. do i have to create data
folder manually or using this code by giving query taskA1 it will generate
that folder ?


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-02-14T18:39:57.491Z)

simply give task=“task”  
task: copy the task a_1 from project document


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-14T18:44:30.274Z)

it is showing

    
    
    INFO:     Uvicorn running on http://0.0.0.0:8000 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
    {'id': 'chatcmpl-B0uvU556EOCy6HOPHV9ni7YJY403i', 'object': 'chat.completion', 'created': 1739558524, 'model': 'gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18', 'choices': [{'index': 0, 'message': {'role': 'assistant', 'content': None, 'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_JXkfp14QEEo6M2zdgBXKduqi', 'type': 'function', 'function': {'name': 'install_uv_and_run_datagen', 'arguments': '{"email":"24f2006749@ds.study.iitm.ac.in"}'}}], 'refusal': None}, 'logprobs': None, 'finish_reason': 'tool_calls'}], 'usage': {'prompt_tokens': 732, 'completion_tokens': 30, 'total_tokens': 762, 'prompt_tokens_details': {'cached_tokens': 0, 'audio_tokens': 0}, 'completion_tokens_details': {'reasoning_tokens': 0, 'audio_tokens': 0, 'accepted_prediction_tokens': 0, 'rejected_prediction_tokens': 0}}, 'service_tier': 'default', 'system_fingerprint': 'fp_00428b782a', 'monthlyCost': 0.09109908, 'cost': 0.002376, 'monthlyRequests': 137}
    Collecting uv
      Downloading uv-0.6.0-py3-none-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (11 kB)
    Downloading uv-0.6.0-py3-none-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (16.3 MB)
       ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ 16.3/16.3 MB 3.2 MB/s eta 0:00:00
    Installing collected packages: uv
    Successfully installed uv-0.6.0
    python: can't open file '/home/sakshi-tds/tds_project1/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public/tds-2025-01/project-1/datagen.py': [Errno 2] No such file or directory
    INFO:     127.0.0.1:34758 - "POST /run?task=Install%20uv%20(if%20required)%20and%20run%20https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public/tds-2025-01/project-1/datagen.py%20with%2024f2006749@ds.study.iitm.ac.in%20as%20the%20only%20argument. HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
    

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image is
a screenshot of the Postman application, a tool used for testing APIs. It
shows a POST request being sent to a local server. **Details:** * **Request
Type & URL:** The request type is `POST` and the URL is
`http://localhost:8000/run?task=Install uv (if required) and ru...`. This
indicates the request is being sent to a server running locally on port 8000,
with a query parameter `task` set to "Install uv (if required) and ru...". *
**Tabs:** The tabs show "Params", "Auth", "Headers (7)", "Body", "Scripts",
"Tests", and "Settings" indicating different settings related to the API
request. The "Params" tab is currently selected and shows a key-value pair:
`task` with the value `Install uv (if required) and...`. * **Body:** The
"Body" section indicates the response format is `JSON`. * **Response:** The
response is shown in a JSON format with an "error" key. The value associated
with the "error" key is a string that says `"Failed to run datagen.py: Command
'['python', 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanando/tools-in-data-science-
public/tds-2025-01/project-1/datagen.py', '24f2006749@ds.study.iitm.ac.in']'
returned non-zero exit status 2."`. * **Status:** The request appears to have
been processed, indicated by the `200 OK` status code (which usually means
success), but the error message suggests that a script failed to run. * **Time
and Size:** The response time is `9.02 s` and the size of the response is `358
B`. * **Headers:** The "Headers (7)" implies there are 7 headers associated
with the request (not shown). **In summary:** The image shows a Postman
request where an attempt to run a task named "Install uv (if required) and..."
resulted in an error when running a Python script named `datagen.py`. The
script is located at a GitHubusercontent URL, and the command failed with a
non-zero exit status, indicating an error. ]Screenshot 2025-02-15
0013141759×1645 228 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/8/38616e70dfbf04366baf4c5690da45032982aa4f.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-15 001314")


---
