### Shalini Saravanan (2025-01-17T06:30:48.816Z)

Despite saving multiple times, my score keeps resetting to zero. Should I
refill the answers for all the questions before saving again? Could this issue
also be caused by accessing the assignment from multiple devices?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-17T06:42:42.190Z)

Hi Shalini,

We are aware of the issue and [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) is working on a solution.
The temporary fix is to just reenter all the answers before hitting the Save
button. Thanks for the reminder, please bear with the inconvenience while its
being fixed.

**The last submission is always saved. So please make sure that your last
submission contains all the answers for all the questions.**

Kind regards


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-01-18T05:02:22.594Z)

Hello,  
I am also facing the same issue. In my last submission the score was 7.25.
Right now it is showing 0. The problem is i had few questions remaining to
solve and i dont know which ones now. All of them r showing empty in the
solution box. Also i didnt write my answers someplace else, so i would have to
solve all the questions again? And also if i just for example for testing
submit solution of 1 question now then my score would get reduced from 7.25 to
the marks of that 1 question i submitted right?


---
### Shubham Shrestha (2025-01-19T08:57:21.832Z)

Saved multiple times on the graded website as well submitted yes on the course
tab but the score keeps resetting to 0 with no progress saved


---
### Anand S (2025-01-19T12:23:34.273Z)

[@24f2006531](/u/24f2006531) [@GaURaVinDeX](/u/gauravindex)
[@shubham6](/u/shubham6)

Please check this fix. It may solve your problem.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a close-up portrait of a man against a
warm, brown or reddish-brown background. The lighting seems to be coming from
the left side of the frame, casting shadows and highlighting his facial
features. **Subject:** * **Gender:** The subject is male. * **Age:** He
appears to be middle-aged, possibly in his 40s or 50s. * **Facial Features:**
* He has a relatively thin face with defined cheekbones. * His expression
seems neutral or perhaps slightly contemplative. * He has dark hair that is
neatly styled, possibly thinning slightly on top. * He is wearing glasses. *
**Clothing:** He is wearing a collared shirt or jacket, but the specific style
and color are difficult to discern due to the lighting and cropping of the
image. **Background:** * The background is a solid color or a very subtle
gradient of brown/reddish-brown. It is out of focus, which helps to keep the
emphasis on the subject. **Other Details:** * The image quality is decent, but
the focus is not perfectly sharp. * There is no obvious text or other objects
visible in the frame. **Possible Relevant Features:** * The man's facial
expression and glasses suggest that he could be an intellectual, professional,
or academic. * The subdued colors and soft lighting give the image a somewhat
formal or serious feel. ] [GA1 - Development Tools - Discussion Thread [TDS
Jan 2025]](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/ga1-development-tools-
discussion-thread-tds-jan-2025/161083/67) [Tools in Data
Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> [@23f2005067](/u/23f2005067) [@23f2003751](/u/23f2003751) I added a “Recent
> saves” feature. This will show the time and score for the last 3 times you
> saved. You can load from any of these. [[image]](https://europe1.discourse-
> cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/e/ce7bbb617fc5997babd5910bd19e8ac3f9c3fe07.png
> "image") Do remember to click the “Check” button to calculate your score.
> That is not automatic. Please check this out and let me know if there are
> any bugs. Thanks.


---
### Shubham Shrestha (2025-01-19T12:35:22.388Z)

Much appreciated sir


---
