### Anand S (2025-01-14T13:00:03.324Z)

Please post any questions related to [Graded Assignment 3 - Large Language
Models](https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga3).

* * *

## Important Instruction

Please use markdown code formatting (fenced code blocks) when sharing code in
Discourse posts. This makes the code much easier to read and differentiate
from non-code text. It also makes it easier for people to copy code snippets
and run it themselves. See below code for example

    
    
    ping exam.sanand.workers.dev
    
    Pinging exam.sanand.workers.dev [104.21.31.149] with 32 bytes of data:
    Reply from 104.21.31.149: bytes=32 time=9ms TTL=58
    Reply from 104.21.31.149: bytes=32 time=8ms TTL=58
    Reply from 104.21.31.149: bytes=32 time=8ms TTL=58
    Reply from 104.21.31.149: bytes=32 time=9ms TTL=58
    
    Ping statistics for 104.21.31.149:
        Packets: Sent = 4, Received = 4, Lost = 0 (0% loss),
    Approximate round trip times in milli-seconds:
        Minimum = 8ms, Maximum = 9ms, Average = 8ms
    

Visit this link for more details: [Extended Syntax | Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#fenced-code-blocks).

A friendly suggestion: kindly go through [Discourse Docs](/c/docs-
discourse/45)! [Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image:
**Content:** The image shows a single emoji. **Features:** * **Emoji:** The
emoji is a classic smiley face. * **Color:** The face is a bright yellow
color. * **Facial Features:** It has two round, black eyes and a simple,
curved black line representing a smile. * **Shape:** The emoji is a perfect
circle. * **Background:** The background is black, making the yellow emoji
stand out prominently.]

* * *

Deadline: Sunday, February 2, 2025 6:29 PM

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Anand S (2025-01-14T13:06:47.583Z)




---
### Nilay Chugh (2025-01-15T12:20:05.475Z)

how to get the dummy API key?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-15T14:59:06.607Z)

Hi Nilay,

In order to make a api call to openai chat completions you are required to
send authentication information(openai key) in headers. For first question of
GA3 you don’t have to send actual(working) api key, any dummy api key would
work(you can put your name, or tds anything works)

kind regards


---
### Nilay Chugh (2025-01-18T04:43:01.431Z)

which API should i use in 7th question


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-01-19T07:36:55.428Z)

need help in question 4th. how can i correct this json body? sir
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

    
    
    {
      "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
      "messages": [
        {
          "role": "user",
          "content": "Extract text from this image."
        },
        {
          "role": "user",
          "content": {
            "image_url": "data:image/png;base64,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"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
    
    

error:The JSON body must have 1 message

    
    
    {
      "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
      "messages": [
        {
          "role": "user",
          "content": {
            "text": "Extract text from this image.",
            "image_url": "data:image/png;base64,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"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
    
    

Error: The message must have a 2 content parts


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-01-19T16:53:34.970Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir plz see it once.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-21T07:02:52.278Z)

Hi [@22f3001315](/u/22f3001315) ,

You are almost correct, there are very minor changes that needs to be made.

Take help from Chat GPT or use this documentation which have correct json body
[Vision - OpenAI API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/vision).

Kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-01-21T08:21:45.804Z)

it worked thanks sir


---
### Muhammed Adhil Pt (2025-01-21T11:25:57.882Z)

Are we supposed to buy open ai api key ?


---
### Sakthivel S (2025-01-21T12:01:17.870Z)

No, if you scroll down to the last question, we can get our Ai Proxy key


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-21T12:06:09.235Z)

[@nilaychugh](/u/nilaychugh) [@22f3002034](/u/22f3002034)

The API key is available at <https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/>

The instructions on how to use the token is given at [GitHub -
sanand0/aiproxy: Authorizing proxy for
LLMs](https://github.com/sanand0/aiproxy)

You cannot use this token directly with Open AI or any other gpt. These are
only valid via the API exposed by the above instructions.

You get a limit of $1. Use with care.

Kind regards


---
### Nilay Chugh (2025-01-21T14:30:30.322Z)

but the embedding model that is said to be used is text embedding 3 small,
which is the model of OpenAI


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-22T09:13:43.408Z)

Hi Nilay,

Yes you would need to use `text-embedding-3-small` model of openai for
embedding questions.

Kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Nilay Chugh (2025-01-23T03:52:39.679Z)

i have a doubt, while submitting the GA3, both 7th and 8th questions require
the API url to be active and connected right, but its not possible as both the
URLs use same port, so if we check my 7th question URL is running right now,
it’ll show as correct, but then if i run 8th question URL, the 7th question
will automatically show the error, **is there any solution to this problem?**


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-01-23T06:09:55.493Z)

Q5. How to handle the error ? sir [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

Error: The first input does not match the first text exactly


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-01-23T06:17:12.711Z)

Q4. How to handle this error? [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

    
    
    {
      "id": "chatcmpl-AshDCPwSiXNao1QXmCxCmi63GifFx",
      "object": "chat.completion",
      "created": 1737599182,
      "model": "gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18",
      "choices": [
        {
          "index": 0,
          "message": {
            "role": "assistant",
            "content": "The image contains an email address and a number. The email address appears to be associated with an educational institution, and the number seems to be a numerical sequence.",
            "refusal": null
          },
          "logprobs": null,
          "finish_reason": "stop"
        }
      ],
      "usage": {
        "prompt_tokens": 592,
        "completion_tokens": 33,
        "total_tokens": 625,
        "prompt_tokens_details": {
          "cached_tokens": 0,
          "audio_tokens": 0
        },
        "completion_tokens_details": {
          "reasoning_tokens": 0,
          "audio_tokens": 0,
          "accepted_prediction_tokens": 0,
          "rejected_prediction_tokens": 0
        }
      },
      "service_tier": "default",
      "system_fingerprint": "fp_bd83329f63",
      "monthlyCost": 0.05490624000000001,
      "cost": 0.001974,
      "monthlyRequests": 14,
      "costError": "crypto.createHash is not a function"
    }
    

Error: Model must be gpt-4o-mini


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-23T10:58:14.611Z)

Hi Nilay,

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image features a stylized depiction of a flower with multiple petals. It's
rendered in a cartoonish style, with flat colors and soft shadows. * **Central
Flower:** The main subject is a flower with several rounded petals arranged in
a circular formation. The flower has a mix of light teal and dark blue petals.
* **Stem:** A thin, curved stem extends from the bottom of the flower, also in
dark blue. * **Shadow:** A soft, diffused shadow is cast beneath and to the
right of the flower, adding a sense of depth and indicating a light source
from the upper left. * **Background:** The background is a light blue color,
providing a simple and uncluttered backdrop for the flower. **Overall
Impression:** The image has a cheerful and simple aesthetic. The choice of
colors and soft shadows gives it a gentle, inviting feel. The stylized design
suggests it might be an icon, a graphic element, or an illustration intended
for a child-friendly context.] nilaychugh:

> both the URLs use same port,

You can run two servers on different port numbers.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-23T11:05:13.578Z)

Hi Vikash,

I looked at your answers in backend. In answer you submitted response from
openai, but you need to submit json object which is required for sending a
request to LLM.

Kind regards


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-23T11:07:22.861Z)

You made same mistake here, instead of response use json body that’s required
for sending request to LLM.

Kind regards


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-01-24T01:17:21.325Z)

Q4. how to handle this error ? [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

    
    
    {
      "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
      "messages": [
        {
          "role": "user",
          "content": [
            {"type": "text", "text": "Extract text from this image"},
            {
              "type": "image_url",
              "image_url": { "url": "data:image/png;base64,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" }
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
    

Error: The image_url.url must be the base64 data URL of the image


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-01-24T02:02:04.952Z)

Q8. how to handle the error ? [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

<http://127.0.0.1:8000/execute?q=Expense+balance+for+emp+52094>

{“name”: “expense_balance”, “arguments”: “{“employee_id”: 52094}”}

TypeError: Failed to fetch


---
### Varad Rajadhyax  (2025-01-24T08:17:52.778Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of an online quiz or
assignment platform. It has a dark theme with a green header section. The main
content is divided into sections: a header area with due date and score,
recent saves, and questions. **Textual Elements:** * **Header:** "Due Sun, 2
Feb, 2025, 11:59 pm IST" indicates a deadline. "Score: 2.75 / 8.5" shows the
user's current score and the total possible score. Buttons labeled "Check" and
"Save" are present. * **Recent Saves:** This section displays a history of
saved attempts. It lists three entries: "Reload from 24/1/2025, 12:25:51 pm.
Score: 2.75" repeated three times. This indicates that the user saved their
progress at the same time multiple times, all with the same score. *
**Questions:** A list of questions is provided, each numbered and concerning
LLMs (Large Language Models). Each question has a point value: 1\. LLM
Sentiment Analysis (1 mark) 2\. LLM Token Cost (0.75 marks) 3\. Generate
addresses with LLMs (1 mark) 4\. LLM Vision (1 mark) 5\. LLM Embeddings (0.75
marks) 6\. Embedding Similarity (1 mark) 7\. Vector Databases (1.5 marks) 8\.
Function Calling (1.5 marks) 9\. Get an LLM to say Yes (1 mark) **Visual
Features:** * The color scheme is dark, likely a dark mode interface. *
There's a moon icon in the upper right. * The "Reload," "Check," and "Save"
buttons suggest interactive elements. **In summary, the image depicts an
online assessment focused on LLMs, showing the user's progress, recent saves,
and the questions to be answered.** ]image1366×622 27.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/d/1d37c6ff7591a3175f7be06068d9025f2627e65b.png
"image")

Why is my score is out of 8.5? It should be 9.5 right?  
It was 9.5 before a reload.


---
### Sakthivel S (2025-01-24T08:37:26.081Z)

You should answer the third question every time the site reloads


---
### Varad Rajadhyax  (2025-01-24T10:06:51.736Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall:** The
image shows a coding problem with an accompanying error message. **Key
Elements:** * **Code Snippet:** A dictionary named `embeddings` is defined. It
seems to associate a phrase "Packaging was excellent." with a list of
floating-point numbers. This suggests that the phrases are being represented
as numerical vectors. * **Task Description:** * The user is asked to write a
Python function named `most_similar(embeddings)`. * The function's purpose is
to calculate the cosine similarity between each pair of embeddings within the
given `embeddings` dictionary. * The function should return a tuple containing
the two phrases that have the highest cosine similarity. * **Error Message:**
* A traceback indicates a `NameError`. * Specifically, the error "name
'most\\_similar' is not defined" implies that the user attempted to call or
execute the function `most_similar` before defining it. **In essence, the
image presents a coding exercise where the user must implement a function to
find the most similar pair of text embeddings based on cosine similarity.**
The error shows that the function needs to be properly defined before it can
be used.]image1122×471 13.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/c/ac8e969c93aa57f9b61d8e5a90ddf2a6174220e5.png
"image")

For question no.6, there was some pre-written code there, right?  
I am not able to see it now.


---
### Varad Rajadhyax  (2025-01-24T10:17:59.703Z)

[[Image description: The image shows a command-line interface, likely a
PowerShell window. The command being executed is: ``` python -u
"c:\Users\Varad\OneDrive\Documents\Desktop\Temp\TDS\request.py" ``` This
command attempts to run a Python script named "request.py" located in a
specific directory. The output following the command is a JSON-formatted error
message. The error indicates that the user has exceeded their current quota
for the OpenAI API. The message suggests checking the plan and billing
details, and provides a link to the OpenAI documentation for error codes.
Specifically, the error type is 'insufficient_quota', the parameter is None
and the error code is also insufficient_quota. ]image1017×146 6.62
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/0/4014d114b8ab5a993183871727062efe6a839400.png
"image")

I am getting insufficient_quota message for the 2nd question


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-27T22:32:35.315Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image primarily features the letter "V". It's a stylized "V", appearing in
a light blue or white color with a subtle, soft glow effect. The background is
a solid, vibrant blue color. **Key Features:** * **Letter "V":** It's the
central and dominant element, suggesting a focus on this letter itself,
possibly as an initial or part of a logo. * **Color Palette:** The use of
blues suggests calmness, serenity, or technology. * **Glow Effect:** The
gentle glow around the "V" gives it a soft, modern, and potentially digital
feel. This image is straightforward, presenting a single letter against a
clean background with a subtle artistic treatment. ] 21f3002277:

> The image_url.url must be the base64 data URL of the image

I tried downloading image for your dataset it is 2.36 KB in size.  
Using base64 encoded string from `image_url.url` in your code when decoded
comes out to be 8.18 KB, when I encoded image from your dataset and decoded it
was 2.36 KB.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a tool or webpage
used for decoding Base64 encoded image data. There are three main sections:
1\. **Base64 Encoded Data:** At the top, there is a text area filled with a
long string of characters. This is the Base64 encoded data for the image. The
text area has a scrollbar, implying that the data is longer than what is
initially visible. There are also "copy", "clear", and "download" buttons. 2\.
**Decoding and Preview:** Below the Base64 data, there's a button labeled
"Decode Base64 to Image". Clicking this likely decodes the data above and
displays the resulting image in the preview area. Below the button is the
"Preview Image" section. It has a highlighted line of text:
"21f3002277@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 92893354". 3\. **File Information:** The last
section is the "File Info", which provides details about the decoded image. It
contains: * Resolution: 757x66 * MIME type: image/png * Extension: png * Size:
8.18 KB * Download Link: image.png * Bit depth: 8 **Textual Content
Analysis:** * **Base64 Data:** This is the core of the image. It's a long,
alphanumeric string used to represent the binary image data in an ASCII text
format. * **"data:image/png;base64,...":** This indicates that the data is a
PNG image that has been encoded using the Base64 scheme. * **"Decode Base64 to
Image":** This is an interactive button, it suggests the functionality to
decode the base64 code to an image. * **"Preview Image" and "Toggle Background
Color":** This area displays a preview of the decoded image and allows for
changing the background color of the preview. *
**"21f3002277@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 92893354":** This is likely the content of
the image that has been decoded, and it appears to be an email address or user
identifier with an additional number. * **File Info details:** These provide
standard image metadata (resolution, format, size, etc.). **Visual Features:**
* The highlighted email address in the preview suggests that it's the
significant information contained in the decoded image. In summary, the image
depicts a tool for decoding Base64 encoded image data, displaying a preview of
the decoded image, and providing metadata about the image file. The decoded
image appears to contain the email address "21f3002277@ds.study.iitm.ac.in"
and the number "92893354". ]image1518×765 95.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/a/aa81c404ee3eb793693a5bc6406886bd079e1635.png
"image")

Hints : check if encoding is correct.


---
### Abhay Sharma (2025-01-28T04:11:34.779Z)

Is it required to give SCT for the ROE of this course?

Thank you.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-28T06:51:33.648Z)

SCT is not required for ROE. ROE is not proctored.

Kind regards


---
### K Hari Prasath (2025-01-28T07:44:51.739Z)

This is regarding Question 2 I tried to find number of tokens for the message.
Using chatgpt identified the followings are valid English words for the given
text in the question **D** **m** **Ay** **E r u y Vy** **V Ky** **P** **c**.
then, checked with <https://platform.openai.com/tokenizer>. whatever number
given by it seems to wrong.  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) could you inform me where I did mistake


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-28T07:59:50.162Z)

[@23f2003853](/u/23f2003853) You have to find the input tokens from the json
response you receive from the proxy.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-28T11:38:08.793Z)

Hi VIKASH,

This problem must be because CORS not enabled or you are running your
application inside wsl, if you using WSL then you would need to identify
ipaddress of WSL and use it in place of `127.0.0.1`

kind regards


---
### K Hari Prasath (2025-01-28T11:48:12.076Z)

Sir, from where can I learn to locate the json response


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-28T12:05:37.192Z)

Hi [@23f2003853](/u/23f2003853) ,

You can learn from [Python’s Requests Library (Guide) – Real
Python](https://realpython.com/python-requests/) tutorial about how to use
requests module and see responses.

kind regards


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-28T12:17:58.201Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a black and white photograph that appears to be of
an individual sitting down. The overall quality is a bit grainy or blurry,
making it hard to discern fine details. The person seems to be in an outdoor
setting. **Notable Features:** * **Person:** The focal point is a person,
likely an adult, who is sitting. The individual has long hair and is wearing
what appears to be a light-colored shirt. Their gaze is directed downwards,
making it difficult to see their face clearly. The person is holding onto
something, but the object is blurry to be able to identify it. *
**Background:** The background shows what seems to be an outdoor location.
There are multiple cars in the background. * **Clothing:** The individual is
wearing a white shirt with a dark round object attached to their chest.
**Possible Questions:** * What is the person holding? * Where is this photo
taken? * What is the dark round object on the chest? Let me know if you want
me to elaborate on anything or focus on a specific aspect!] 22f3000445:

> I am getting insufficient_quota message for the 2nd question

Which url are you using to send request to openai.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-28T12:20:15.821Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a black and white photograph. It appears to be
taken outdoors, possibly in a parking lot or urban area. **Main Subject:** The
central figure is a person sitting in what appears to be a chair or seated
position. Their head is tilted down, and they seem to be focused on something
in their lap. **Details and Objects:** * **Attire:** The person is wearing a
t-shirt. * **Background:** The background contains a variety of parked
vehicles, suggesting the setting is a parking lot or street. There appears to
be buildings or other structures further in the background, creating a blurred
urban environment. * **Expression/Activity:** The person's focus is directed
downward. It's likely they are using a cellphone, reading a book, or
interacting with something in their hands, this is further suggested by the
posture they have adopted. **Possible Interpretations/Observations:** * The
photograph could be a candid shot of someone taking a break in a busy
environment. * The black and white tone gives the image a sense of
timelessness or potentially a documentary feel. * Due to the blur and low
resolution, it's difficult to definitively determine the exact activity being
performed, but the focused gaze strongly implies interaction with an object.]
22f3000445:

> For question no.6, there was some pre-written code there, right?

pre-written code is not required for question 6.


---
### Divyasree (2025-01-28T18:05:18.879Z)

In the 6th question ,as I open the graded assignment all the time the new
question is generated (NUMERICAL DATA) and the previous answer shows as
incorrect answer

My doubt is that should I again and again answer the same quetion(6) all the
time until the due passes?  
Is there any alternative ways to look after this problem?


---
### Saniya Naaz (2025-01-29T04:19:54.016Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Overall
Impression** The image appears to be a screenshot of a code editor, likely VS
Code or a similar environment. It shows Python code interacting with the
OpenAI API, and it also shows an error message indicating that the API quota
has been exceeded. **Code Details** * **Message Structure**: The code starts
with a `messages` structure. Inside, we see: * `"role": "user"`: This suggests
it's part of a conversation structure for an API like the OpenAI Chat API. *
`"content": "List only the valid English words from these: B2k, D, Glr,
ywpIvSQ, CR3XFA, dSVNOZip, ..."`: This is a prompt being sent to the API
asking it to identify and list English words from a given set of strings. *
**API Call**: There's a call to `requests.post` indicating interaction with an
API. The `url`, `headers`, and `json_data` are passed, typical for sending
data in a POST request. * **Error Handling**: The code includes a check for
the API response status code. * `if response.status_code == 200`: Checks if
the API call was successful (status code 200 means "OK"). *
`print(json.dumps(response.json(), indent=4))`: If successful, it prints the
API response in a nicely formatted JSON format. * `else`: If the status code
is not 200, it handles the error. * `print(f"Request failed with status code:
{response.status_code}")`: Prints the error status code. *
`print(response.text)`: Prints the raw error response text, which is useful
for debugging. **Error Message** * **Status Code**: The error message "Request
failed with status code: 429" clearly indicates a "Too Many Requests" error, a
common rate-limiting issue with APIs. * **JSON Error Response**: The error
message is in a JSON format. The key elements are: * `"message": "You exceeded
your current quota, please check your plan and billing details..."`: This is
the core of the error - the user has exceeded the allowed quota or usage limit
for the API. * `"type": "insufficient_quota"`: Confirms the type of error is
related to the quota. * `"param": null`: There isn't a specific parameter that
caused the issue. * `"code": "insufficient_quota"`: Provides a machine-
readable code for the error. * `"docs":
"https://platform.openai.com/docs/gui"`: A helpful link is provided to the
OpenAI documentation for guidance on quota issues. **Key Observations** *
**OpenAI API**: The code is interacting with the OpenAI API (likely GPT
models). * **Quota Issues**: The main problem is that the user has exhausted
the quota for their OpenAI account. In summary, the image depicts a Python
script using the OpenAI API to extract valid English words from a set of
random strings. However, the API call has failed due to an "insufficient
quota" error. The code includes error handling to print the status code and
the error message in JSON format. ]Screenshot 2025-01-29 0948321770×659 35.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/b/ebc5f88e712a270b0763135c5a220d2fcd690c71.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-29 094832")

how to solve???


---
### Saniya Naaz (2025-01-29T04:49:26.483Z)

getting quota full message for 7th question. How to get the answers then?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-29T15:28:56.065Z)

Hi [@Divya1](/u/divya1) ,

Question 6 requires to write a generic code for finding most similar pair. If
your code is doing so, pls mention exact steps that you have used to arrive at
answer.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-29T15:30:02.829Z)

[sanand0/aiproxy: Authorizing proxy for
LLMs](https://github.com/sanand0/aiproxy)

Are you using this document?


---
### K Hari Prasath (2025-01-30T12:16:03.021Z)

each time when I run the following code it gives me different number. None of
the answer is correct. can help to fix the issue  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Impression:** The image shows
a code snippet, likely from a Python script, related to using the OpenAI API
for chat completions (potentially GPT-4). It is taken as a screenshot from a
computer screen. **Code Breakdown:** 1\. **API Endpoint (URL):** *
`url="https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions"` * This line defines the API
endpoint for accessing chat completions. The code also has a comment that this
endpoint is to be used for GPT-4. 2\. **Headers:** * `headers = {
"Authorization": "Bearer [key]", "Content-Type": "application/json" }` * This
sets up the headers for the API request. It includes: * `Authorization`: Using
"Bearer" authentication (likely a secret API key). The actual key is
represented by `[key]`. * `Content-Type`: Specifies that the data being sent
is in JSON format. 3\. **Input String and Instructions:** * `user_message =
""` * The code contains instructions to create a `user_message` that contains
only words that appear on the list that follows, some of which appear to be
valid English words 4\. **Payload (Data):** * `data = { "model":
"gpt-40-mini", "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": user_message}]} ` *
This prepares the data that will be sent in the API request. * `model`:
Specifies the model to use for the chat completion. Here, it's set to
"gpt-40-mini". * `messages`: Contains a list of messages for the chat. In this
case, it contains a message with the role "user" and the content from the
`user_message` variable. 5\. **Making the API Request:** * `response =
requests.post(url, headers=headers, json=data)` * This line uses the
`requests` library to send a POST request to the OpenAI API endpoint. * `url`:
The API endpoint. * `headers`: The headers defined earlier. * `json=data`:
Sends the data payload in JSON format. 6\. **Parsing the Response:** *
`response_json = response.json()` * Parses the JSON response from the API. 7\.
**Checking for Success:** * `if response.status_code == 200:` * Checks if the
API request was successful (HTTP status code 200 indicates success). 8\.
**Handling Success:** * `input_tokens = response_json.get("usage",
{}).get("total_tokens", "N/A")` print("Input tokens used:", input_tokens)` *
If the request was successful, the code extracts the number of input tokens
used from the response and prints it. 9\. **Handling Failure:** * `else:`
`print(f"Request failed with status code {response.status_code}:
{response_json}")` * If the request failed, the code prints the status code
and the JSON response, which can help in debugging the issue. 10\. **Tokens
Used:** * `Input tokens used: 544` * The script shows that 544 input tokens
were used in the call to the API. **Other Elements:** * **Operating System:**
There is text on the bottom right indicating that the image was taken on a
Windows operating system and that it needs to be activated. ]image584×246 46
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/e/1ec36689ada1168f9ad8b8d208eea27a96d39df5.png
"image")


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-30T21:04:36.088Z)

Hi [@23f2003853](/u/23f2003853) ,

Please join tomorrow’s session, we can take it there, I am not sure why you
facing this problem.


---
### K Hari Prasath (2025-01-31T00:15:29.928Z)

Sure Sir. I am providing you the code below

    
    
    import json
    import os
    
    api_key = key
    
    # Set up the endpoint and headers
    url = "https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions"  # Use chat completions endpoint for GPT-4
    headers = {
        "Authorization": f"Bearer {key}",
        "Content-Type": "application/json"
    }
    
    # List of input strings
    user_message = """
    List only the valid English words from these: Q5YpaFZ0S, qZXgs13f, zyCiAjPh, JfcKU, G51N4, D, 9GbmmI27, jbdnhCd, 2dTr75, m, kS, lhO3Uc8e, SjpEmLl, u1cnuqk50, W54, 9, 7YWtUR, reoWxE2, Ay, ANRl2pFjL, E, 4hcE4cB, TZ2t, vck6a, Sb6vQ5K, CzQ, T5lYjxy1m, 2D, yG7PLW, mvgHmixMqn, YOPzsuhQ3, nSF7e6zFF, J60xA5WVp3, oz, vJM, vp2Zrsr, 59wiruyNzq, r, 8N, wv, z, MAKFrf5, 2L, 1IwLjzNpma, 5N20N7Zuq, 9dVp, tmUao0x, u, QRxy67, y, jrIvOZ, t3i, rptivNJF, Vy, 5WWaC1u, WC, xfoGYp, 350c94lf, Pc9oNu, 1bOnLseHUm, aguOp0jxE, Tbz, qX, 9amaVxKFh, bnBkkNN5jc, o7N4y6, V, Ky, ewWw0qcLnw, bbD7MBGM7x, c0l, P, TMFOMvW, c, THRovqGNKb, BV, XIZcX, J0rDx3c, DxEvjEh, j9, Db5Hij, vpSJyCeyh, Z, D, yWpxiOwRXx, 7NeZN1GVE, Y, Lq6Pk, BCJT
    """
    
    # Prepare the payload for Chat API (gpt-4o-mini model)
    data = {
        "model": "gpt-4o-mini",  
        "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": user_message}],  
    
    }
    
    # Send the POST request to OpenAI API
    response = requests.post(url, headers=headers, json=data)
    
    # Parse the JSON response
    response_json = response.json()
    
    # Check if the request was successful
    if response.status_code == 200:
        input_tokens = response_json.get("usage", {}).get("total_tokens", "N/A")
        print(f"Input tokens used: {input_tokens}")
    else:
        print(f"Request failed with status code {response.status_code}: {response_json}")```


---
### Shalini Saravanan (2025-01-31T09:20:32.841Z)

Hello Sir,

I am unable to recieve a proper output for q1 of ga3.  
This is my test message. Its been given in two lines.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content: The
image appears to be a screenshot from a text editor or terminal window. The
background is a dark blue/gray. The following text is present, arranged in two
lines: * **Line 1:** "2 b7 rkS94mn4" * **Line 2:** "AM dNG4j EVevK24Ev VEpiI G
LeeHS" The letter "G" on the second line is in a bright green color, which
stands out from the rest of the white text.]

The below is my code for the question.

    
    
    import httpx
    
    url = "https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions"
    
    headers = {
        "Authorization": "Bearer api_key",
        "Content-Type": "application/json"
    }
    
    system_message = "Analyze the input message if it's  GOOD , BAD or NEUTRAL."
    user_message = "2 b7 rkS94mn4  AM dNG4j EVevK24Ev VEpI G LeeHS"
    
    payload = {
        "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
        "messages": [
            {"role": "system", "content": system_message},  # System message
            {"role": "user", "content": user_message}       # One user message
        ],
        "temperature": 0.7
    }
    
    response = httpx.post(url, headers=headers, json=payload)
    
    response.raise_for_status()
    
    result = response.json()
    
    for choice in result["choices"]:
        print("AI Response:", choice["message"]["content"])
    

I tried to put the two test lines as two user messages but received an error
stating that the json body must contain only 2 messages with one mandatorily
being a system message. With that in mind, i also tried the alternative

`user_message = "2 b7 rkS94mn4 \n AM dNG4j EVevK24Ev VEpI G LeeHS"`

The error message i keep receiving is as below.

[Image description: The image shows code and an error message related to a
'payload' in a programming context. The error message "Error: The user message
must be 2 b7 rkS94mn4 AM dNG4j EVevK24Ev VEpI G LeeHS, not 2 b7 rkS94mn4 AM
dNG4j EVevK24Ev VEpI G LeeHS" indicates that the expected content of the user
message does not match the actual content. The content appears to be a
specific string of characters or a code that is being validated. ]

Kindly advice on how to proceed.

Thanks and Regards  
Shalini


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-31T09:37:36.551Z)

Hi Shalini,

Your `user_message` is incorrect. I looked at your exact GA and it works if
you make sure your `user_message` is precisely what is given to you.

Hint: How do you store a multi-line variable in python?

Kind regards


---
### DIGVIJAYSINH SANDEEPSINH CHUDASAMA (2025-01-31T10:42:36.589Z)

Hello, could anyone please confirm that GA 3 is worth 9.5 points? Since our
GAs are typically 10 marks apiece, I wanted to inquire about and obtain
clarification on this.  
Thank you in advance.


---
### Yogesh (2025-01-31T14:24:33.385Z)

I was unable to make the answer box in Question 3 visible. I was only able to
make white space appear there, but couldn’t make it so that answer can be
input to the box.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-31T14:40:38.508Z)

In addition to CSS classes there is also a tag attribute acting on it. Check
carefully.

Kind regards


---
### Maheshwar Ture (2025-01-31T16:31:15.592Z)

I am getting below error for Q6 if i am importing sklearn libarary  

[[Image description: The image displays an error message, specifically a
`ModuleNotFoundError` in Python. The traceback indicates the error originates
from files within the Pyodide environment ("_pyodide/_base.py"). The key part
of the message is: "No module named 'scipy'." It explains that while the
'scipy' module is part of the Pyodide distribution, it isn't installed. The
message further provides instructions on how to install it, suggesting either
`await micropip.install("scipy")` in Python or `await
pyodide.loadPackage("scipy")` in JavaScript. It also includes a link to the
Pyodide documentation for more details on loading packages. ]image1731×180
13.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/9/69111b8923cdb9542a042b96ae4fcb2501f758b1.png
"image")


---
### RAJ K BOOPATHI (2025-02-01T03:45:32.917Z)

Hi team, I am using OpenAI API key for solving Q7 and getting the error like
below

    
    
    {'error': {'message': 'You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.', 'type': 'insufficient_quota', 'param': None, 'code': 'insufficient_quota'}}
    

Is it necessary to pay for the OpenAI API key? Is there any other way?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-01T05:38:06.960Z)

[@21f2000588](/u/21f2000588)

Sure does add up to 9.5 , unless you want another question [Image description:
Here's a detailed description of the image you sent: **Content:** The image
features a single element: a yellow winking face emoji. * **Shape:** The emoji
is circular, representing a face. * **Color:** The face is uniformly yellow. *
**Facial Features:** * It has two eyes. One eye is open and circular. The
other eye is closed in a wink. * There is an eyebrow above the open eye. * The
emoji has a smiling mouth. **Overall Impression:** The emoji communicates
playfulness, lightheartedness, or a hint of insinuation.]

Kind regards


---
### Anand S (2025-02-01T05:53:30.951Z)

Yeah, after all these years of learning and teaching computing, I realize I
can’t even count to 10 correctly anymore.

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image content: The
image shows a comic strip featuring the character Calvin from the comic strip
"Calvin and Hobbes," set in a classroom. The comic is divided into four
panels. **Panel 1:** * Calvin is sitting at his desk, his hand raised. * He is
addressing Miss Wormwood (though she is not visible). * The text reads: "MISS
WORMWOOD, MY DAD SAYS WHEN HE WAS IN SCHOOL, THEY TAUGHT HIM TO DO MATH ON A
SLIDE RULE." **Panel 2:** * A close-up of Calvin. * He is speaking with an
expression on his face. * The text reads: "HE SAYS HE HASNT USED A SLIDE RULE
SINCE, BECAUSE HE GOT A FIVE-BUCK CALCULATOR THAT CAN DO MORE FUNCTIONS THAN
HE COULD FIGURE OUT IF HIS LIFE DEPENDED ON IT." **Panel 3:** * Calvin is
sitting at his desk. * He is smiling. * The text reads: "GIVEN THE PACE OF
TECHNOLOGY, I PROPOSE WE LEAVE MATH TO THE MACHINES AND GO PLAY OUTSIDE." *
There is also a date stamp at the bottom, "4-25". **Panel 4:** * Calvin is
sitting at his desk, slumped over with his head on the desk. * He looks
dejected or bored. * The text reads: "MY BILLS ALWAYS DIE IN SUBCOMMITTEE." *
There is a copyright notice: "©1992 Washington Distribute by Universal Press
Syndicate". **Overall observations:** * The comic uses a consistent black-and-
white line art style. * The setting is clearly a classroom. * The theme is the
absurdity of doing math the old-fashioned way when calculators are readily
available, and Calvin's frustration with schoolwork. * The tone is humorous
and satirical. ]600×187 16.6 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/8/98ee116ce238aa6d9ea75357ff3194592c56a173.gif)


---
### RAJ K BOOPATHI (2025-02-01T05:55:44.883Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Please let me know if the code is needed for this. I can
share the code generated by chatgpt


---
### Wasim Ansari (2025-02-01T13:52:03.153Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) , [@carlton](/u/carlton) Dear Sirs, I need help in
solving this question. I have the same issue. I have tried tokenizer tool,
tried writing request code but still couldn’t get the correct answer. I have
tried numerous time and ended up consuming lot of tokens . What should be the
optimal approach in this question?

    
    
      "id": "chatcmpl-Aw7eXQ8hciiQ0ZedatQEifFGxnLhQ",
      "object": "chat.completion",
      "created": 1738415805,
      "model": "gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18",
      "choices": [
        {
          "index": 0,
          "message": {
            "role": "assistant",
            "content": "The valid English words from the given list are:\n\n- a\n- I\n- o\n- t\n- U\n- w\n- y\n- z",
            "refusal": null
          },
          "logprobs": null,
          "finish_reason": "stop"
        }
      ],
      "usage": {
        "prompt_tokens": 532,
        "completion_tokens": 34,
        "total_tokens": 566,
        "prompt_tokens_details": {
          "cached_tokens": 0,
          "audio_tokens": 0
        }
      },
      "service_tier": "default",
      "system_fingerprint": "fp_bd83329f63",
      "monthlyCost": 0.01662212,
      "cost": 0.001863,
      "monthlyRequests": 41,
      "costError": "crypto.createHash is not a function"
    }
    


---
### Raunak Pugalia (2025-02-02T08:10:42.643Z)

Tried hundreds of different prompts, different situations but in Q9 AI is not
responding “Yes”. Is there anything i am missing?


---
### K Hari Prasath (2025-02-02T12:41:10.201Z)

Dear Sir, I got the answer in json but none out put is correct. Please help me
to correct the code  
curl <https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions> \ > -H “Content-Type:
application/json” \ > -H “Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN” \ '{ > -d ‘{ >
“model”: “gpt-4o-mini”, "messa> “messages”: [{ > “role”: “user”, "c>
“content”: “List only the valid English words from these: zqndWw3FB, kM, K,
njuHs9A, r, lkXJ1lG, Z, yLHDClp, G1Db, 7, m, MYieYF3B, pFTQ1JU8Fj, RL9n6kE,
EVpChB, V6iCpP, 9YwiwAnBc5, R, UM, mrnyc, 4ej9x, 8X, CQA9, jHC, uL4G6, f,
zzaozWC9, 0qsOenEndF, qaZ2WoX, nXGZ” > }] > }’ { “id”: “chatcmpl-
AwTPGH241yjyg9EkO1t1tbeGU7KCu”, “object”: “chat.completion”, “created”:
1738499426, “model”: “gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18”, “choices”: [ { “index”: 0,
“message”: { “role”: “assistant”, “content”: “The valid English words from
your list are:\n\n- my\n- is\n- an\n- or\n- in\n\n(Note: This assumes a focus
on short English words. Longer words or specific proper nouns may also exist
but were not included in this selection.)”, “refusal”: null }, “logprobs”:
null, “finish_reason”: “stop” } ], “usage”: { “prompt_tokens”: 160,
“completion_tokens”: 53, “total_tokens”: 213, “prompt_tokens_details”: {
“cached_tokens”: 0, “audio_tokens”: 0 }, “completion_tokens_details”: {
“reasoning_tokens”: 0, “audio_tokens”: 0, “accepted_prediction_tokens”: 0,
“rejected_prediction_tokens”: 0 } }, “service_tier”: “default”,
“system_fingerprint”: “fp_72ed7ab54c” }


---
### Vaishali (2025-02-02T15:38:32.738Z)

Pls give some kind of clue. It seems like a waste of so much time!


---
### Raunak Pugalia (2025-02-02T15:44:35.908Z)

i agree, i have wasted around 300 requests (prompts) and got nothing.


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-02-03T06:54:57.348Z)

Sir I am stuck in Q4. how to handle the error please help me
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)

Error: The image_url.url must be the base64 data URL of the image


---
### DIGVIJAYSINH SANDEEPSINH CHUDASAMA (2025-02-03T07:22:48.722Z)

Okay thank you sir, for the clarification.


---
### Yogesh (2025-02-03T14:11:25.378Z)

You have to download that image, and find the base_url of that image.


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-02-03T14:22:52.043Z)

from where to download


---
### Yogesh (2025-02-03T15:09:11.873Z)

The image is part of the question.


---
### Anand S (2025-02-03T15:28:45.259Z)

For those who want to experiment with GPT-4o Mini (or other models), [Github
Models](https://github.com/marketplace/models) is free. You can explore and
compare models, including GPT-4o Mini, DeepSeek R1, and others.

It has rate limits, so you can’t use it in production, but is a good place to
prototype applications and experiment with prompts.

Please let me know if you face any problems accessing it.


---
### Dwarakesh (2025-02-03T18:25:21.354Z)

how to answer the question in first place ?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-03T22:07:57.870Z)

Check if you are requesting through anand sir’s proxy [AI
Proxy](https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/).


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-03T22:10:01.674Z)

sklearn might be using scipy for some purpose, just install it, it should
work.

Btw what are you trying to do with Sklearn?


---
### Maheshwar Ture (2025-02-04T03:13:45.199Z)

thanks for the reply i was using cosine function but got another solution.


---
### Naga durga prasad E (2025-02-04T09:51:48.117Z)

Q2 LLM Token Cost ,

We have <https://platform.openai.com/tokenizer> , which helps us count tokens
in a string, shouldn’t this be a better way than calling the API? However the
returned value does not show as correct answer!


---
### Tanmay Garg (2025-02-04T13:27:09.694Z)

Hi guys, just wanted to share that I found it hysterical when I saw this
question:  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image shows a screenshot of a web browser, likely an
online assignment or exercise. The browser window is focused on a page
presenting a problem or task. The page appears to be part of an online
learning platform related to large language models and the OpenAI API. **Text
Content and Key Information:** * **Title/Assignment:** "Graded Assignment 3:
IITM" and "TDS 2025 Jan GA3 - Large Lan". This indicates a graded assignment
from an IIT Madras course, likely related to topics covered in the "TDS 2025
Jan GA3 - Large Language" module. * **Deadline/Due Date:** "Due Wed, 5 Feb,
2025, 11:59 pm IST" * **Score:** The user has a score of "1/9.5" for this
attempt. * **Instructions and Problem Description:** The main section of the
page presents a problem centered around RapidRoute Solutions, a logistics
company. The company needs an automated address generator and has decided to
use OpenAI's GPT-4o-Mini model. The engineering team is tasked with designing
a service to generate realistic U.S. addresses. * **Specific Requirements for
the Address Generation Service:** * Model: gpt-4o-mini * System Message:
"Respond in JSON" * User Message: "Generate 10 random addresses in the US" *
Structured Outputs: The output should be an object "addresses" which is an
array of objects. Each object in the array represents an address and must have
the required fields "apartment" (string), "zip" (number), and "latitude"
(number). * Additional Properties: Must be set to "false" to avoid unexpected
data. * **Emphasis on JSON Format:** The problem highlights the importance of
structured JSON data and instructs the user to write the correct JSON body
that can be sent to the OpenAI API endpoint, specifically,
`https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions`. * **Task:** The core task is to
formulate the correct JSON body for the API request, following the outlined
requirements. The user does not need to actually execute the request or use an
API key. * **Instructions:** "You must add 'required': [...] and include all
fields in the object" and "OpenAI requires every object to have
'additionalProperties': false." * **No answer box:** There is no answer box in
this page, and the user must figure out how to enable it. **Buttons and
Controls:** * "Check all" button * "Save" button * "Check" button **Graphical
Elements:** * Browser tabs * Browser address bar with the URL:
"exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga3" * Windows taskbar * Icons for
various applications (e.g., Microsoft Edge, VS Code, File Explorer, etc.)
**Key Takeaways:** The central task is to create a JSON payload for the OpenAI
chat completion API call that fulfills specific instructions. The instructions
focus on generating a list of addresses with particular required fields and
settings related to structured outputs and additional properties. The
challenge also involves figuring out how to input the answer as there is no
input box initially present. ]image1920×1080 305
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/8/186f9bdca2765063fc8a6cfadc3e7b489543bfd4.png
"image")

  
Like I literally showed this question to my mother and younger bro, stating
the fact we ourselves had enable the answer box, they laughed there pants
off…[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image:
**Content:** The image features a single emoji against a solid black
background. The emoji is the "Face with Tears of Joy" (😂). **Specific
features:** * **Emoji:** The emoji is a bright yellow circular face. It has
closed eyes represented by curved lines. A wide-open mouth is visible with a
pink tongue and visible white teeth. Large, exaggerated tears are shown
streaming from each eye. The tears are bright blue. * **Overall Impression:**
The emoji conveys extreme amusement or laughter, to the point of crying.
**Possible questions the image could answer:** * What does the "Face with
Tears of Joy" emoji look like? * What emotions does this emoji represent? *
What is the color scheme of this emoji? * What is the shape of this emoji?
][Image description: Certainly! Let's describe the content of the image you've
provided. **Content:** The image is of a yellow circular emoji depicting a
face laughing while simultaneously crying. **Key Features:** * **Yellow
Color:** The emoji has a standard yellow color for the skin tone. * **Laughing
Expression:** The mouth is wide open, showing teeth, and curved upward into a
clear laughing shape. * **Tears:** There are prominent blue tear drops coming
from both eyes. * **Arc-shaped eyes:** Each eye is represented by a closed,
curved line. In short, it's the "Face with Tears of Joy" emoji.]  
More courses could be like this.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-04T13:59:46.793Z)

**Q4**  
s3 string was given by

    
    
    image_b64 = ""
    import base64
    with open('/content/TDS_wk3_q4.png', 'rb') as f:
        binary_data = f.read()
        image_b64 = base64.b64encode(binary_data).decode()
    data_uri = f"data:image/png;base64,{image_b64}"
    

  
s4 string given by :  

used this [link ](https://www.base64-image.de/) to generate image url  
  
Then checked them both, they were the same

    
    
    for x,y in zip(s3,s4):
      if (x != y):
        print(x,y)
    

i verified that both were equal but still one gave the wrong answer(python
code), while the online converter gave the right one?  
I know i’m missing something, but why?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-04T14:05:18.252Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall:** The
image shows a coding problem and an incomplete Python function aimed at
finding the most similar pair of phrases based on their embeddings using
cosine similarity. The user has submitted an incomplete solution, and the
system indicates an error. **Key elements:** 1\. **Problem Statement:** The
text at the top describes the task: * Write a Python function
`most_similar(embeddings)` * Calculate cosine similarity between all pairs of
embeddings. * Return the pair of phrases (presumably corresponding to the
embeddings) with the highest similarity as a tuple. 2\. **Code Editor Area:**
* `import numpy`: Imports the NumPy library, which is commonly used for
numerical operations, including cosine similarity calculations. * `def
most_similar(embeddings):`: Defines the function as requested, taking
`embeddings` as input. The `embeddings` input is assumed to be a list or a
collection of embeddings, presumably where each embedding corresponds to a
phrase. * `# Your code here`: Placeholder to add your code * `return (phrase1,
phrase2)`: The intended function returns the most similar phrases as a tuple.
**This is where the error lies.** The variables `phrase1` and `phrase2`
haven't been defined or assigned values within the function. 3\. **Error
Message:** * `PythonError: Traceback ... NameError: name 'phrase1' is not
defined`: This indicates a `NameError`. The error occurs because the function
is trying to return `phrase1` and `phrase2`, but these variables haven't been
assigned any values within the function's scope. The code is trying to use
them before they are defined. **In summary:** The error is that the user
hasn't implemented the logic to calculate cosine similarities, identify the
most similar pair of embeddings, and associate those embeddings with their
corresponding phrases (and assign them to `phrase1` and `phrase2`).
]Screenshot 2025-02-04 1933421670×487 54.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/3/930cebd4faf92d9bf89cf1f4939525e563be75fd.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-04 193342")


---
### PalakAnand (2025-02-04T14:05:45.580Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout and Content:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a form
or interface related to API testing or configuration. There's a question
asking for an API URL endpoint, a text input field where the user has entered
a URL, an error message, and some explanatory text about testing the API.
**Text Elements:** * **Question:** "What is the API URL endpoint for your
implementation? It might look like: http://127.0.0.1:8000/execute" This
prompts the user to enter the URL endpoint. * **URL in Input Field:**
"http://127.0.0.1:8000/execute" - This is the URL entered by the user in
response to the prompt. * **Error Message:** "SyntaxError: "undefined" is not
valid JSON" - This indicates an error occurred while processing the entered
URL. The system expects JSON data, but it seems it received something
undefined. * **Explanation:** "We'll check by sending a GET request to this
URL with ?q=... containing a task. We'll verify that it matches the expected
response. Arguments must be in the same order as the function definition."
This text explains how the provided URL will be tested: using a GET request
with a query parameter "q" and verifying the response. **Visual Elements:** *
**Input Field:** A text input field. * **Error Icon:** A red circle containing
an exclamation mark near the input field, which highlights the error. *
**"Check" button:** A button is visible at the bottom with the text "Check".
**Interpretation:** The user is being asked to provide an API URL. The user
provided "http://127.0.0.1:8000/execute", but this is triggering a
"SyntaxError: "undefined" is not valid JSON" error. This suggests that when
the API endpoint is called, it's either not returning valid JSON data, or the
system expects a query parameter that is missing or undefined. The image also
mentions that the system will send a GET request to the provided URL and will
check the response and expects arguments must be in the same order as the
function definition. ]Screenshot 2025-02-04 at 19.32.212700×488 55.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/3/f38de51c756863f15a20f702f3fda53103d9f24a.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-04 at 19.32.21")

  
This is in context to Q8. This is a screenshot of the response I am getting
when i run the same API on my FastAPI/docs response page, it gives the correct
response. But when I check it on the assignment page i get the following
error. If you would like to know the code, pls let me know.
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Sudhish Narayan S (2025-02-04T16:16:35.495Z)

Good Evening, I have a doubt regarding 7th and 8th question. I am getting this
error of expecting three matches while saving. But, Externally when I check
this API, I tried considerable test cases, and I am getting the output
correctly. Can you please check this and give a solution. Thank You  
[Image description: The image contains the following text, which appears to be
a data structure: `{'matches': ['banana', 'watermelon', 'jamaica']}` This text
suggests a dictionary-like structure, likely from a programming language like
Python or Javascript. The dictionary has a key called 'matches', and the value
associated with it is a list of strings: 'banana', 'watermelon', and
'jamaica'. This could represent a set of search results, relevant items, or
categories that are associated with the term "matches". ]  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Impression:** The image shows a UI element likely from a web development or
testing environment. It involves an API endpoint and validation. **Textual
Elements:** * **"Make sure you enable CORS to allow OPTIONS and POST methods,
perhaps allowing all origins and headers."** - This suggests a Cross-Origin
Resource Sharing (CORS) configuration requirement for the API. * **"What is
the API URL endpoint for your implementation? It might look like:
http://127.0.0.1:8000/similarity"** - This is a question prompt, instructing
the user to provide the API endpoint. The given URL is an example. *
**"http://127.0.0.1:8000/similarity"** - This is the user's input, presumably
the API endpoint they are providing. * **"Error: Expected 3 matches"** - This
indicates a validation error. The user's input needs to match a certain
pattern or have a specific format that expects 3 matches. **Visual Elements:**
* Input Field: A rectangular input box contains the user-provided API URL. *
Error Icon: The input field has an error icon on the right. * Color Scheme:
The color scheme is dark, with highlighted text and a red error indicator.
**Interpretation:** The user is being asked to provide an API endpoint.
They've entered "http://127.0.0.1:8000/similarity", but this is not valid as
it does not match the validation parameters of requiring 3 matches.
]Screenshot 2025-02-04 2143191694×202 16.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/6/86600e3fd52f0a72acb9d99e8e3e58ccefb431df.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-04 214319")


---
### Sudhish Narayan S (2025-02-04T17:52:10.076Z)

This is regarding the 8th question. Same here, I am getting the answer for all
the test cases, but then also, I am getting error in the portal while saving.
Please help me out here. Thank You.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content,
focusing on text and relevant features: **Image Overview:** The image appears
to be a screenshot of a web browser window. The browser is displaying a JSON
response related to a calculation. **Browser Address Bar:** * The address bar
shows the URL:
"127.0.0.1:8001/execute/?q="Calculate%20performance%20bonus%20for%20employee%2010056%20for%202025."
* This suggests a request being made to a local server (127.0.0.1) on port
8001. * The "/execute" part of the URL likely indicates an execution endpoint.
* The query parameter "q" is set to a URL-encoded string "Calculate
performance bonus for employee 10056 for 2025." The "%20" represents a space
in URL encoding. **Content Area:** * A label "Pretty-print" likely indicates
formatting applied to the response for better readability. * The content
displayed is a JSON object: * `{"name":"calculate_performance_bonus",
"arguments":"{\"employee_id\": 10056, \"current_year\": 2025}"}` * The "name"
field is set to "calculate\\_performance\\_bonus". This suggests the request
is for a function or method with this name. * The "arguments" field contains
another JSON string which holds the input values for the calculation: *
"employee\\_id": 10056 * "current\\_year": 2025 **Interpretation:** The image
shows a web request made to a local server to execute a function named
"calculate\\_performance\\_bonus" with the employee ID 10056 and the year 2025
as input. The JSON displayed confirms the parameters being passed to the
function. The URL in the address bar shows that the request was triggered by
searching or calling the server with the URL-encoded parameters in the
request. ]Screenshot 2025-02-04 2320481322×152 8.42
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/d/ddbe5c805694b8f007f3e717bc45eac007960b57.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-04 232048")

  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a form or user interface element asking for an API URL endpoint. The
prompt reads: "What is the API URL endpoint for your implementation? It might
look like: http://127.0.0.1:8000/execute". Below this, there's an input field
that contains the URL: "http://127.0.0.1:8001/execute". The entire input field
has a red border, and there is a small red "error" or "warning" icon on the
right side of the field. Underneath the input field is the error message
"TypeError: Failed to fetch". ]Screenshot 2025-02-04 2318471608×129 9.97
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/7/47838def09407abba1ed55156bfc72463682d8a5.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-04 231847")


---
### Jayaram (2025-02-04T18:07:26.462Z)

For question 1 getting the below response … not sure what it means  
ythonError: Traceback (most recent call last): File
“/lib/python312.zip/_pyodide/_base.py”, line 523, in eval_code .run(globals,
locals) ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ File “/lib/python312.zip/_pyodide/_base.py”, line
357, in run coroutine = eval(self.code, globals, locals)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ File “”, line 53, in TypeError: unhashable
type: ‘dict’


---
### Jayaram (2025-02-05T01:44:08.545Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
for question 2 what does the below instruction mean … also how to indicate
this in a prompt ’ Remember: indicating that this is a `user` message takes up
a few extra tokens. You actually need to make the request to get the answer."


---
### Jayaram (2025-02-05T03:57:27.717Z)

For token count query , trying to do something like below any issues with this

    
    
    import requests
    import json
    from google.colab import userdata
    def generate_readme_content(proxy_url,auth_token):
        # Prepare the payload
        prompt = f"""       
        SNyFiNTb, BUkDfo0tR, x3x, 6NE8Rq833, Re7, Vth9bYJ0pK, pnI, JAXpFb, BRPE, o, 5xVQe, iY8yVT, 69w, LjLCzs, MJ1g, wBR, 0H, 6bK, AMw, Vrxiux, dqZysH, yD82hcr, FZrwV8Zjq, Xb2, quLpdQqxd1, lqSLbI, HerfhK2, rNPU, 9K1C, 0ywhX2s4O9, mjZ, sR9gCC, 2WVSfwWEae, c, DtWnfOncFj, qjK8P7xh, 0xraHn7RMa, OCmQIi3tbU, S2K, F, q5mO, yZt, X, zd, se0ss3k, uU, yCRCi, S3bMfb, qZ4dh, M7, uhxgDvG3, 696g, 9k, l5U, bH, LVXw1fdWFi, 0kU68gGP, WuyD, V, kVKQ1Y8, kLjMDoEmIN, EYHs7qsabQ, sWrC8vN7n, oAJZP, YLd, mi6Jmxgf, cb9UDdap, kzuot, R0eA2V, mr7SctL49, Td5, in, hxvi, MDg, AAK, uLBF889bO5, Z7z, AO0c, nbc, bE6Rsdw5b, 0, pBjOAuPN8A, 9C3, K, 8, yZyCBPz   
        """
        payload = {
            "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
            "messages": [
                {"role": "system", "content": "You are a helpful assistant to count the number of english words in a message. Find the number of input tokens used for  a message lile below. Try excluding tokens used for understanding this prompt"},
                {"role": "user", "content": prompt}
            ],
            "max_tokens": 500,
            "temperature": 0.7
        }
        
            # Send a POST request to the proxy server
        response = requests.post(
                proxy_url,
                headers={"Content-Type": "application/json",
                         
                "Authorization": f"Bearer {auth_token}"},
                data=json.dumps(payload)
            )
        response_data = response.json()
        return response_data
    proxy_url = "https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/chat/completions"
    auth_token=userdata.get('aiproxy_secret_key')
    tokenjson=generate_readme_content(proxy_url,auth_token)
    print(tokenjson)
    


---
### Naman Gupta (2025-02-05T07:08:49.236Z)

I GOT THE CORRECT ANSWER F0R QUES 7 & 8 STILL MY SCORE IS SHOWING 8 DOES
ANYONE KNOW HOW TO DO THIS ?  

[[Image could not be described]image1903×819 96.2
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/4/74e3d955c0092ec1d309185d71f086931815db2c.png
"image")


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-05T10:25:25.132Z)

Use addition : to add up your score for each question.  
eq:  
1+ 1 = 2  
Fractions are harder  
1.5 + 1 = 2.5

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout:** The image displays a list of questions, formatted in a numbered
sequence. The text is presented against a dark blue background. The word
"Questions" is placed at the top and is larger than the rest of the text.
**Text Elements:** * **Heading:** "Questions" * **Question List:** There are
nine questions in total. Each question is numbered, and a brief description of
the topic is provided, followed by the mark value (weight) associated with
answering the question correctly. **Content of the Questions:** 1\. LLM
Sentiment Analysis (1 mark) 2\. LLM Token Cost (0.75 marks) 3\. Generate
addresses with LLMs (1 mark) 4\. LLM Vision (1 mark) 5\. LLM Embeddings (0.75
marks) 6\. Embedding Similarity (1 mark) 7\. Vector Databases (1.5 marks) 8\.
Function Calling (1.5 marks) 9\. Get an LLM to say Yes (1 mark) **Inferred
Subject:** The questions seem to be related to the subject of Large Language
Models (LLMs), a type of artificial intelligence. The topics cover a variety
of aspects related to LLMs, including sentiment analysis, cost analysis (token
cost), vision capabilities, embeddings, similarity, vector databases, function
calling, and techniques to get an LLM to provide a specific response ("say
Yes"). **Font and Color:** The heading "Questions" is in a large, white, sans-
serif font. The rest of the questions are in a smaller, light blue, sans-serif
font. ]image657×512 35.6 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/6/361bc0f48c8b87ceaca00d63c83ff669a520c445.png
"image")


---
### Tanmay Garg (2025-02-05T10:27:53.411Z)

To this question I have checked values ranging from 6 to 13 none of them are
correct, using openAI Tokenizer online tool.  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on
elements relevant to potential questions: **Overall Context:** * It's a screen
capture from a coding/AI assessment platform (likely related to a course or
certification). * The user is working on a question called "LLM Token Cost,"
which suggests the task involves understanding how Large Language Models
(LLMs) use tokens and how token usage affects costs. **Specific Text and
Information:** * **Assessment Details:** * Remaining Time: "08:04:14 left" *
Score: "Score: 0/9.5" * Buttons: "Check all," "Save," "Check" (for the current
question) * **LLM Token Cost Question (0.75 marks):** * Background: LexiSolve
Inc. is a startup using OpenAI's language models for customer service,
sentiment analysis, etc. Accurate token accounting is important. * Task: The
engineering team has developed a tool to simulate token usage. The user's task
is to generate data for a specific test case related to text tokenization. *
Specific Instruction: "Specifically, when you make a request to OpenAI's
GPT-4o-Mini with just this user message:" * User Message: * "List only the
valid English words from these:" * "(A blacked out area where valid English
words are expected to be listed)" * "... how many input tokens does it use
up?" * User Input Fields: * "Number of tokens:" (The user needs to enter a
number here) * Hint: "Remember: indicating that this is a user message takes
up a few extra tokens. You actually need to make the request to get the
answer." **Visual Elements:** * Green header/banner with time and score. *
Navigation bar with site address. * Blacked-out section where the actual text
to be analyzed is located. * Windows taskbar is visible, showing running
applications such as, Windows explorer, Visual Studio Code, Microsoft Edge,
etc. **Key Inferences:** * The core task is likely to identify the number of
tokens needed to process the provided user message in the GPT-4o-Mini model. *
The blacked-out section contains the actual words that need to be considered
for tokenization. * The "user message" hint is crucial – it implies there's
more to the token count than just the explicitly visible words. In summary,
the image shows a coding assessment task where the user must determine the
token count for a specific prompt sent to an LLM. The core challenge is in
understanding how the LLM tokenizes the input text, and accounting for tokens
related to the message type. ]image1920×1080 248
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/3/b341cadb37794f0099e4e64b5543980b4102141f.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text and relevant features: **Overall Impression** The image is a
screenshot of a web browser window. The tab currently active shows a tokenizer
tool from OpenAI, likely used for analyzing text and its tokenization. **Key
Text Elements** * **Title Bar:** * "My Dashi X" (likely a tab) * "Graded A X"
(likely a tab) * "GA1-Lar" (likely a tab) * "TDS 2025" (likely a tab) * "Async
De" (likely a tab) * "uvc Python X" (likely a tab) * "Running X" (likely a
tab) * "127.0.0.1 X" (likely a tab) * "4.75+1.5" (likely a tab) * "Tokenizer"
(active tab) * **Address Bar:** platform.openai.com/tokenizer *
**Navigation:** "personale" / "Default project" * **Toolbar:** "Playground",
"Dashboard" (likely active), "Docs", "API reference" * **Tokenizer Section:**
* "Clear", "Show example" buttons. * "Tokens: 10" * "Characters: 47" * Text
input area containing: "List only the valid English words from these" (color-
coded, potentially indicating how it's tokenized) * Tabs: "Text" (active),
"Token IDs" * **Information Text:** * "A helpful rule of thumb is that one
token generally corresponds to ~4 characters of text for common English text.
This translates to roughly ¾ of a word (so 100 tokens ~= 75 words)." * "If you
need a programmatic interface for tokenizing text, check out our tiktoken
package for Python. For JavaScript, the community-supported @dbdq/tiktoken
package works with most GPT models." * **System Tray:** * Date and time: 15:57
05-02-2025 * Language: ENG * "Activate Windows: Go to Settings to activate
Windows." **Objects and Features** * Web browser interface with tabs. * OpenAI
website/tool specifically for tokenization. * Text input area for users to
enter text. * Information area providing details about tokenization rules and
libraries. * Color-coding of text in the input area (likely related to token
representation). **Inferences** * The user is likely experimenting with or
analyzing how OpenAI's models tokenize text. * The provided text "List only
the valid English words from these" will likely be broken down into tokens,
and the tokenizer will provide information on the token count and character
count. ]image1920×1080 225 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/7/37496a4df09c5e0db5288c51e938ccc952161009.png
"image")

  
Please help me were I am going wrong.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-05T10:29:00.515Z)

[Image could not be described] 22f3002723:

> `user` message

that means it should be a user message

    
    
    messages = [
    {
    "role":"user",
    "content":"message"
    }
    ]
    


---
### Tanmay Garg (2025-02-05T10:51:47.566Z)

Keep getting this error.  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content, focusing on
text and relevant elements: **Overall Impression:** The image is a screenshot
of a web browser window, likely taken during an online test or assignment. The
page appears to be related to a programming or data science task involving API
endpoints, similarity matching, and function calling. **Key Text and
Sections:** * **Top Bar:** * Browser tabs with titles like "My Dash,"
"Graded," "Async D," "uvc Pyth," "Running," "127.0.0.1," "Tokeniz," and "You
can." * Address bar showing URL: "exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-9a3" *
"Verify it's you" * **Main Content Area:** * Timer: "07:38:35 left" * Score:
"Score: 0/9.5" * Buttons: "Check all," "Save" * Instructions/Question: * "What
is the API URL endpoint for your implementation? It might look like:
http://127.0.0.1:8000/similarity" * Example response: * `"matches" : "Contents
of document 3", "Contents of document 1", "Contents of document 2"` *
Explanation: `"Contents of document 3" is considered the closest match...` *
Important note about CORS: "Make sure you enable CORS to allow OPTIONS and
POST methods..." * Input Box: * User's Answer:
"http://127.0.0.1:8000/similarity" (appears to be flagged as incorrect) *
Error message: "Error: Got incorrect matches..." * Check Button * **Lower
Section:** * Heading: "Function Calling (1.5 marks)" * Topic: "Function
Calling with OpenAI" * Description: "Function Calling allows Large Language
Models to convert natural language into structured function calls..." *
"Activate Windows" watermark **Objects and Visual Cues:** * The browser
interface is typical of Chrome or a similar browser. * The red error indicator
next to the answer input suggests that the provided answer is not correct
according to the test's criteria. * The inclusion of "Contents of document"
strongly indicates that the task requires the user to find closest matches of
document snippets. **In Summary:** The image portrays a user taking an online
assessment related to API development, similarity matching, and function
calling within the context of OpenAI. The user has entered an API endpoint,
but it's marked as incorrect, suggesting an issue with the matching logic or
potentially with how the API is intended to be used. ]image1920×1080 252
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/c/ac6f9a3149c179a5053ec9bc5e5e56e1843ee49d.png
"image")


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-05T10:57:57.512Z)

Try sending an api call to openai.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-05T11:09:12.197Z)

Check with network tab, you would see the response of api call being made,
Compare that with expected output.

Regrading question 8, you would need to check if cors are enabled, check in
browser console tab for more.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Context:** The
image shows a web browser (likely Chrome or Edge) displaying developer tools
and the MSN homepage. The developer tools are open on the "Network" tab,
providing insights into network requests and responses. **Key Areas &
Elements:** 1\. **Browser Window (Left):** * The MSN homepage is partially
visible. * It features a search bar ("Search the web"). * There are shortcuts
visible (e.g., Dropbox, GA3, Google Drive, Add shortcut). * An image of a
landscape is used as the page's background. * The lower portion shows the
"Discover" and "Following" sections from MSN. 2\. **Browser Tab Bar (Top):** *
Standard browser controls (search bar, address bar) are present. * Multiple
tabs are open, including: * "My Dashboard - IIT..." * "SOP Link (T12023)" *
"Jan 2023 Grading d..." * "Titanic dataset - Go..." * "A (99+)
Academia.edu..." * " IIT Madras BS Foun..." * "About - Project Euler" * "Other
favorites" 3\. **Developer Tools - Network Tab (Right):** * **Top Toolbar:**
Standard DevTools options like: * " Welcome" * " Elements" * " Console"
(highlighted) * " Sources" * " Network" * Plus icons, settings. * "Preserve
log," "Disable cache," "No throttling" checkboxes * A "Filter" input. *
**Filter Options:** "All", "Fetch/XHR" (selected), "Doc", "CSS", "JS", "Font",
"Img", "Media", "Manifest", "WS", "Wasm", "Other" * **Timeline:** A graph
showing network activity over time (from 1,000 ms to 12,000 ms). * **Request
List:** A list of network requests: * Two similar requests are visible: *
"1.0?cors=true&content-type=application/x-json-stre...6V%3D4%26LU..." * Both
appear to be AJAX (XHR) requests. * The URLs contain parameters like
"cors=true" and "content-type=application/x-json-stre..." * **Request Details
Pane:** Showing details of a selected request. * Tabs: "Headers", "Payload",
"Preview", "Response" (selected), "Initiator", "Timing", "Cookies" *
**Response Tab:** The response body for the selected request. It contains
JSON: * `{"acc":1,"webResult":{}}` * **Footer:** * "2 requests," "773 B
transferred," "48 B resources" * "Console", "Developer resources," "Network
conditions," "Issues", "Performance monitor," "Memory inspector," "Autofill,"
"Coverage" tabs are displayed at the bottom of the developer console. * A
filter and level dropdown menu is also present. **Interpretation:** The image
captures a developer debugging network activity in a web browser. They are
likely inspecting the responses from AJAX calls, specifically the responses in
JSON format. The data suggests they might be working on a project involving
cross-origin requests (CORS) or dealing with specific JSON structures. The
repeated URL query parameter suggests it is likely that the same method is
being repeatedly called.]image1909×939 126 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/2/62f7129cdef9e6686dd89ed466c755441ab55c49.jpeg
"image")


---
### Yogaswetha (2025-02-05T11:09:36.765Z)

i am unable to find the answer box plss guide me through that


---
### Tanmay Garg (2025-02-05T11:11:56.483Z)

You could use AI assistance it helped me.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout and Context** * The image is a screenshot of a web browser
window, likely captured on a Windows operating system (as indicated by the
"Activate Windows" watermark). * The browser window shows a webpage for a
discourse forum or discussion platform, possibly related to an online degree
program at IITM. The URL is "discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/ga3-large-
language-models-discussion-thread-tds-jan-2025/163247/96". **Left Panel:
Discourse Forum Post** * This panel displays a conversation thread within the
forum. * **First Post:** A user with the identifier "22f2001630" states, "Keep
getting this error." It includes an embedded image (likely a screenshot
showing an error), and there are '86/87' buttons visible. * **Second Post
(Reply):** A user with the identifier "23f2000098" is in the process of
writing a reply. The text is: "you ask for AI assistance, for it helped." *
The reply box includes formatting options (Bold, Italic, Quote, Code), a gear
icon (likely for settings), and a "Reply" button. **Right Panel: Browser
Developer Tools** * The browser's developer tools are open, specifically in
the "Elements" tab. * **Elements Tab:** The HTML code of the webpage is
visible. Key elements include: * `<100CTYPE html>` – The standard HTML
declaration. * `<head>` section – Includes meta-information about the page
(language, title, stylesheets). * `<body class="primary-group-ds-students
chat-enabled category category-courses tds kb tag-announcement tag-graded-
assignment tag-tered-2025 tag-week-3 archetype-regular has preloaded-chat-
channels">` – The body tag with various classes likely used for styling and
functionality. * `<script defer src="..."></script>` tags – indicating
external JavaScript files being loaded from a Discourse CDN. * **Styles Tab:**
* shows style rules and how they affect the selected element. In the
screenshot, it's displaying the styles applied to the `body` element and
possibly related styles like the media screen and styles from `discourse.scss`
file. **AI Assistance Overlay** * On the right side, an AI assistant overlay
is visible. It offers suggestions: * "How can I help you?" * "What can you
help me with?" * "Why isn't this element visible?" * "How do I center this
element?" * There's an input field "Al assistance" with an "X" beside it
suggesting user has requested for AI assistance for the selected element. *
Below, it states: "Chat messages and any data the inspected page can access
via Web APIs are sent to Google and may be seen by human reviewers to improve
this feature. This is an experimental AI feature and won't always get it
right. Learn about Al in Devtools" **Other Visible Elements** * Browser tabs
at the top: Several tabs are open, including "My D", "Grad", "GAJ", "AIP",
"san", "TDS", "Sent", "uCP", "Run", "4.75", "Toke", "Your", "OD", "Unti". *
Taskbar: Shows various icons for programs like Explorer, Chrome, Microsoft
Teams, Visual Studio Code, and potentially other applications. * Windows
Activation Watermark: "Activate Windows. Go to Settings to activate Windows."
* Date/Time: Bottom right corner shows "16:40 05-02-2025" ]image1920×1080 319
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/a/2aff1e5adc662611798f393d90115b2597dd0e31.png
"image")


---
### Sudhish Narayan S (2025-02-05T11:12:42.808Z)

Oh OK sure. I will try out and let you know. Thank You!


---
### Tanmay Garg (2025-02-05T11:26:33.292Z)

Got the answer but it was wired that I had run the curl command three time and
the 3 times I got different result.


---
### Yogaswetha (2025-02-05T11:28:20.791Z)

its not working for me any other options plss??


---
### Aashutosh (2025-02-05T12:51:35.793Z)

[Image description: Here's a description of the image content: **Content:**
The image displays the letter "K" in white against a solid purple background.
The letter "K" appears to be in a simple, sans-serif font. It has a faint,
light gray or white outline, adding a subtle glow effect. The background is a
uniform, medium-toned purple. The overall image is minimalist and focuses
solely on the letter "K" for visual impact. ] 23f2003853:

> rm me where I did mistake

Sorry but im facing an issue with question 6 and 7 where its saying load
failed when I submit it. when I run the queries locally using curl im getting
the expected results. Any help would be appreciated.  

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-02-05 at 6.19.41 PM1304×299
30.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/e/6e298e68d8f6e5a413bd926c6bf11a6b2350c711.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-05 at 6.19.41 PM")

    
    
    curl "http://127.0.0.1:8001/execute?q=What%20is%20the%20status%20of%20ticket%2083742?"
    
    {"name":"get_ticket_status","arguments":"{\"ticket_id\": 83742}"}
    


---
### Abhigyan Das (2025-02-05T13:56:17.493Z)

For question 2, do we have to make the API call to the proxy or openai? If to
the proxy, are there any instructions on the page _before_ question 2 that
would have pointed me in that direction?


---
### Yogaswetha (2025-02-05T14:04:28.679Z)

[[Image could not be described]image1287×568 32 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/8/c80ada7b2d77694e21079c83df4a9b16ef88a6ef.png
"image")

  
I am trying this for so long how to fix this plss guide me. thanking you


---
### Biray Sursingh Purty (2025-02-05T14:14:44.787Z)

there is a problem in question 7 and 8, fast api question, when i click on
save, both api calls happens at once at
[http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000/), and i can run fast api app
for question 7 or 8 for one only, suppose i check for question 7 it shows
correct, also for question 8 i check it shows correct , but when i try to save
one of the answer gets incorrected because of simultaneous calls by question 7
and 8 at this address [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000/)


---
### Khushi Dhankhar (2025-02-05T14:18:53.764Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content,
focusing on relevant elements: **Overall Impression:** The image is a
screenshot of a web page, most likely from an online course or assignment
platform. The page presents a problem or exercise related to building an API.
**Key Textual Elements:** * **Title Bar:** Shows browser tabs, including "My
Dashboard - IIT Madras," "Course Introduction," "Tools in Data Science," and
"TDS 2025 Jan GA3 - Large." This indicates the context is likely an IIT Madras
course. * **Time Remaining:** At the top left, "04:15:56 left" indicates a
time limit for the assignment. * **Score:** Displays "Score: 8.5/9.5,"
suggesting the user has already completed part of the assignment and has a
high score. * **Check All & Save Buttons:** At the top next to the Score. *
**"Service Flow:"** Introduces a description of the API functionality. This
includes the following: * **Request Payload:** The client sends a POST request
with a JSON body containing: * `docs`: An array of document texts from the
internal knowledge base. * `query`: A string representing the user's search
query. * **Embedding Generation:** For each document in the `docs` array and
for the `query` string, the API computes a text embedding using `text-
embedding-3-small`. * **Similarity Computation:** The API then calculates the
cosine similarity between the query embedding and each document embedding.
This allows the service to determine which documents best match the intent of
the query. * **Response Structure:** After ranking the documents by their
similarity scores, the API returns the identifiers (or positions) of the three
most similar documents. The JSON response might look like this: * `"matches":
"Contents of document 3", "Contents of document 1", "Contents of document 2"`
* **Note about CORS:** "Make sure you enable CORS to allow OPTIONS and POST
methods, perhaps allowing all origins and headers." * **Question:** "What is
the API URL endpoint for your implementation? It might look like:
http://127.0.0.1:8000/similarity" * **Answer:**
"http://127.0.0.1:8000/similarity" is the user's answer. * **"Correct"**: The
word "Correct" is below the answer and displays the successful answer. *
**Further Instructions:** "We'll check by sending a POST request to this URL
with a JSON body containing random docs and query." * **"Check" Button:** A
button to submit or check the answer. **Visual Elements:** * **Green Bar:** A
green bar at the top containing the timer, score, and "Check all" and "Save"
buttons. * **Code Snippet/JSON Example:** The example JSON response structure
with `"matches"` illustrates the expected format of the API's output. * **The
Correct Answer:** The check mark indicates the answer is accurate. **In
Summary:** The image depicts an online assessment question where the user is
asked to provide the API endpoint URL for a similarity computation service.
The service takes a list of documents and a query, finds the most similar
documents, and returns them in a JSON format. ]Screenshot 2025-02-05 at
7.44.03 PM1920×1249 130 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/c/dca4d379baf52bec50126bd4f33cf4a0cab0ef17.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-02-05 at 7.44.03 PM")

while saving the 7th,8th question its alteranately getting incorrect

im getting 8.5 marks but while saving it gets deducted to 7 because of these 2
questions  
this is really very frustrating since im working on this for so long like
5-8hours but still facing the same issue  
what to do  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Khushi Dhankhar (2025-02-05T14:39:36.822Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image shows a screen capture of what appears to be a
coding exercise or assessment within a course or platform. It is likely a web-
based interface. The page is divided into sections: * A header bar with course
information and browser tabs. * A top section with instructions, score, and
time remaining. * A main content area containing the coding problem
description, code editor, and error message. **Textual Elements:** *
**Header:** Includes text like "My Dashboard - IIT Madras," "Course
Introduction," "GA3 - Large Language Models," "Tools in Data Science," and
"TDS 2025 Jan GA3 - Large." This indicates a course or module focused on large
language models, potentially within an IIT Madras context. * **Instructions
(Numbered List):** 1\. "Make sure you pass an Authorization header with dummy
API key." 2\. "Use gpt-40-mini as the model." 3\. "The first message must be a
system message asking the LLM to analyze the sentiment of the text. Make sure
you mention GOOD, BAD, or NEUTRAL as the categories." 4\. "The second message
must be exactly the text contained above." * **Additional Text:** * A
paragraph emphasizing the importance of the test for DataSentinel Inc. and how
it validates API integration, correctness of message formatting, customer
feedback, and reliable sentiment analysis. * A "Note" section indicating the
use of a dummy `httpx` library with a list of valid methods like `httpx.get`,
`httpx.post`, `response.raise_for_status()`, and `response.json()`. * **Code
Section:** * Variable named DATA with: * `model`: `gpt-40-mini` * `messages`:
Array of dictionaries, each containing role and content keys. The role could
be system or user. The content varies. * The role system content is "Analyze
the sentiment of the following text as GOOD, BAD, or NEUTRAL." * The role user
content contains an encoded string. * The encoded string is: `N PIxDC6t
EXfymclF e K x1XTpIULdX t6H LTa YGZk,` * **Error Message:** "The user message
must be N PlxDC6t EXfymcIF e K x1XTpIULdX t6H LTa YGZk, not N PlxDC6t EXfymcIF
e K x1XTpIULdX t6H LTa YGZK," This indicates a mismatch in the encoded string
provided. * **Footer/Bottom:** "LLM Token Cost (0.75 marks)" **Objects/Visual
Features:** * **"Check All" and "Save" Buttons:** Suggests the user can review
and save their progress. * **"Check" Button:** Likely submits the code for
evaluation. * **Score Display:** Shows "Score: 8.5/9.5," indicating partial
completion. * **Error Icon:** An error icon indicates the submission didn't
pass validation. * **Code Editor:** A visual representation of a code editor,
likely allowing the user to input and modify code. **In Summary:** The image
showcases a coding challenge related to sentiment analysis using an LLM
(likely `gpt-40-mini`). The task involves formatting the API call with
appropriate system and user messages. The error message highlights a specific
mismatch in the user message string, indicating a likely copy/paste error or a
problem with the encoding of the user message. ]Screenshot 2025-02-05 at
8.07.34 PM1920×1249 138 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/3/f31ec62b15083018d37a532147aa73e9006987e1.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-02-05 at 8.07.34 PM")

  
in the 1st as well both the outouts are exactly same but its still showing
error  
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-05T14:56:42.479Z)

You can run 2 different severs on different port numbers.  
<http://127.0.0.1:8000> and <http://127.0.0.1:8001>


---
### Sudhish Narayan S (2025-02-05T15:26:55.117Z)

I tried checking the JSON Output in the Networks tab. I am getting error as
“Method Not Found”. But, I have allowed POST Method for question 7 as POST
method is used in the question. I also tried checking my API by sending a POST
request by the same parameters as given by the Website. I am getting the
proper response when I give an API request. Can you please help me out here? I
have attached the screenshot of the error as Picture -1 and the correct output
what I get as Picture-2. Please help me out as I am facing issue for all the
API Questions though I am getting the right output. Thank You.  
[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content: The
image shows a snippet of code, likely in JSON format. The text within the
image reads: `"detail": "Method Not Allowed"}` This text suggests that the
image depicts an error message related to an HTTP request. The specific error
is "Method Not Allowed," indicating that the client attempted to use a method
(like POST, PUT, DELETE) that the server does not support for the requested
resource. The format is typical of a JSON response, where "detail" is a key
providing a human-readable explanation of the error. The background of the
image is dark, possibly representing an IDE or console with a dark theme. ]  
[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content based
on the OCR results and crops provided: **Text Content:** The image contains
lines of text, which seem to be part of a memo or announcement. Based on the
provided crops, the text includes the following phrases: * "The product update
addresses reported bugs and introduces several enhancements." * "The
leadership team has approved the expansion of our global IT support network."
* "The internal m" **Overall Structure:** The overall impression is that the
image captures a snippet of some kind of corporate communication. The text
segments suggest updates on product improvements and strategic decisions (IT
support expansion). The blurry overall context makes it difficult to determine
the nature of the underlying document fully. ]


---
### Sudhish Narayan S (2025-02-05T16:00:53.142Z)

And for Question-9, I tried 80 prompts and I tried every different way, but I
am not getting a Yess from the LLM. Can you please say how to proceed for
that? Thank You


---
### Jayesh Bansal (2025-02-05T16:22:44.964Z)

import numpy as np  
def most_similar(embeddings):  
words = list(embeddings.keys())  
dot_product_df =  
for i in words:  
for j in words:  
dot_product_df.append(np.dot(embeddings[i], embeddings[j]))  
return max(dot_product_df)  
print(most_similar({“I experienced issues during
checkout.”:[-0.10228022187948227,-0.057035524398088455,-0.03200617432594299,-0.1569785177707672,-0.11162916570901871,-0.017878107726573944,-0.06209372356534004,0.18209508061408997,-0.0027645661029964685,0.12928052246570587,0.17609500885009766,-0.11846645176410675,-0.2356770783662796,0.05536108836531639,-0.07102405279874802,0.21265356242656708,-0.03218059614300728,0.2578633725643158,-0.11707108467817307,0.23163051903247833,0.1780485212802887,0.17972294986248016,0.05302385240793228,0.06889612227678299,-0.13932715356349945,-0.14428070187568665,0.17149029672145844,-0.25590986013412476,0.22311879694461823,-0.06321001797914505,0.019430451095104218,-0.1841881275177002,0.14204810559749603,-0.09976856410503387,-0.17888574302196503,0.07890786230564117,-0.008947774767875671,0.08065207302570343,0.3131197988986969,-0.009226848371326923,-0.1460946649312973,0.16423441469669342,0.024331670254468918,0.055779699236154556,-0.08274511992931366,0.2355375438928604,0.06582632660865784,-0.13674572110176086,-0.003309630323201418,0.008324221707880497],“The
return process was easy and hassle-
free.”:[-0.13446587324142456,0.02539028227329254,-0.17796370387077332,-0.011354454793035984,-0.04654333367943764,0.15717478096485138,0.07627015560865402,0.22960494458675385,0.001469996408559382,0.1792878359556198,0.05905640497803688,-0.17240233719348907,-0.10083285719156265,-0.08322186022996902,0.00746894720941782,-0.013042726553976536,-0.13718034327030182,0.02444683574140072,-0.07938187569379807,0.04598057642579079,0.0351557731628418,0.1953098624944687,0.011594453826546669,-0.13267828524112701,-0.13718034327030182,-0.14909756183624268,-0.1765071451663971,-0.16776786744594574,-0.11473626643419266,-0.1473761796951294,0.15889616310596466,-0.12354176491498947,0.18882159888744354,-0.040121279656887054,0.18749746680259705,0.16869474947452545,-0.0547860711812973,0.13943137228488922,0.08275841921567917,-0.012976519763469696,0.026582002639770508,0.2568821310997009,0.13314174115657806,-0.08845219761133194,0.025257868692278862,0.35831084847450256,-0.22483806312084198,-0.005697916727513075,0.2899854779243469,0.1855112612247467],“Fast
shipping and great
service.”:[-0.1079404279589653,0.020684150978922844,-0.30074435472488403,0.11729881167411804,0.13952496647834778,-0.018052106723189354,-0.21843314170837402,0.13527116179466248,-0.09257353842258453,-0.09384968131780624,0.11293865740299225,-0.03900212049484253,-0.059287477284669876,-0.1008152961730957,-0.019155437126755714,-0.007078605704009533,-0.02967032417654991,0.03711449354887009,-0.18302017450332642,0.20056714117527008,0.09076566994190216,0.02584189549088478,0.0943814069032669,-0.03799184039235115,-0.25246360898017883,-0.1235731765627861,0.028952494263648987,-0.309251993894577,0.021375395357608795,-0.22204887866973877,0.2159872055053711,-0.11921302229166031,0.21928390860557556,-0.11432114243507385,0.017453914508223534,0.10065577924251556,-0.04200637340545654,0.17493793368339539,0.1322934925556183,0.17025874555110931,-0.15271177887916565,0.004682514350861311,0.2531017065048218,0.11580997705459595,0.014688937924802303,-0.11176885664463043,-0.292662113904953,-0.0397731214761734,0.13729171454906464,0.027570005506277084],“The
payment process was secure and
efficient.”:[-0.04701301082968712,-0.20167900621891022,-0.22099372744560242,-0.05536692962050438,0.03149012476205826,0.049234796315431595,-0.02104772813618183,0.1948062777519226,0.004417652729898691,-0.11180031299591064,0.25831976532936096,-0.1503705382347107,-0.14669717848300934,-0.15866521000862122,0.07601473480463028,-0.03744451329112053,-0.1256050169467926,-0.004232503939419985,-0.19717617332935333,-0.07204513996839523,0.07216363400220871,0.23426520824432373,0.005728506948798895,-0.08347994089126587,-0.09248558431863785,-0.16150909662246704,-0.10895642638206482,-0.3507460951805115,-0.1641159951686859,-0.1695667803287506,0.21696490049362183,-0.1385210007429123,0.196346715092659,-0.025669043883681297,-0.07808840274810791,-0.0023291732650250196,-0.03386003151535988,0.14717115461826324,0.06078808754682541,-0.0358448289334774,-0.1290413737297058,0.17335861921310425,-0.08033981174230576,0.1285673975944519,-0.040229152888059616,0.11511818319559097,0.10747523605823517,-0.3336827754974365,0.09313730895519257,-0.002255113562569022],“Customer
service resolved my issue
quickly.”:[-0.27243417501449585,-0.08034132421016693,-0.3335980772972107,0.03278002515435219,-0.0688093826174736,-0.11652996391057968,-0.13710907101631165,0.2432539016008377,0.07779283076524734,0.0949951708316803,0.1365993618965149,-0.05979407951235771,-0.17151375114917755,-0.040170662105083466,0.12054384499788284,0.10894818603992462,-0.1374913454055786,-0.008736561983823776,-0.2501348555088043,0.040648505091667175,0.20974119007587433,0.021232154220342636,0.1484498679637909,-0.07186757773160934,-0.26733720302581787,0.24248935282230377,-0.04475795477628708,-0.1304829716682434,-0.11914216727018356,-0.2516639530658722,0.16577963531017303,-0.1684555560350418,-0.08875136077404022,-0.1995472013950348,-0.10072928667068481,0.1209898293018341,0.11015872657299042,-0.053359128534793854,0.16705389320850372,0.0013867400120943785,-0.018269527703523636,0.014486604370176792,0.08320838212966919,0.06033563241362572,-0.07224985212087631,0.09869049489498138,-0.021837422624230385,0.1448819786310196,0.10996758937835693,0.058328691869974136]}))


---
### Jayesh Bansal (2025-02-05T16:23:43.388Z)

[Image could not be described] Jayeshbansal:

> print(most_similar({“I experienced issues during
> checkout.”:[-0.10228022187948227,-0.057035524398088455,-0.03200617432594299,-0.1569785177707672,-0.11162916570901871,-0.017878107726573944,-0.06209372356534004,0.18209508061408997,-0.0027645661029964685,0.12928052246570587,0.17609500885009766,-0.11846645176410675,-0.2356770783662796,0.05536108836531639,-0.07102405279874802,0.21265356242656708,-0.03218059614300728,0.2578633725643158,-0.11707108467817307,0.23163051903247833,0.1780485212802887,0.17972294986248016,0.05302385240793228,0.06889612227678299,-0.13932715356349945,-0.14428070187568665,0.17149029672145844,-0.25590986013412476,0.22311879694461823,-0.06321001797914505,0.019430451095104218,-0.1841881275177002,0.14204810559749603,-0.09976856410503387,-0.17888574302196503,0.07890786230564117,-0.008947774767875671,0.08065207302570343,0.3131197988986969,-0.009226848371326923,-0.1460946649312973,0.16423441469669342,0.024331670254468918,0.055779699236154556,-0.08274511992931366,0.2355375438928604,0.06582632660865784,-0.13674572110176086,-0.003309630323201418,0.008324221707880497],“The
> return process was easy and hassle-
> free.”:[-0.13446587324142456,0.02539028227329254,-0.17796370387077332,-0.011354454793035984,-0.04654333367943764,0.15717478096485138,0.07627015560865402,0.22960494458675385,0.001469996408559382,0.1792878359556198,0.05905640497803688,-0.17240233719348907,-0.10083285719156265,-0.08322186022996902,0.00746894720941782,-0.013042726553976536,-0.13718034327030182,0.02444683574140072,-0.07938187569379807,0.04598057642579079,0.0351557731628418,0.1953098624944687,0.011594453826546669,-0.13267828524112701,-0.13718034327030182,-0.14909756183624268,-0.1765071451663971,-0.16776786744594574,-0.11473626643419266,-0.1473761796951294,0.15889616310596466,-0.12354176491498947,0.18882159888744354,-0.040121279656887054,0.18749746680259705,0.16869474947452545,-0.0547860711812973,0.13943137228488922,0.08275841921567917,-0.012976519763469696,0.026582002639770508,0.2568821310997009,0.13314174115657806,-0.08845219761133194,0.025257868692278862,0.35831084847450256,-0.22483806312084198,-0.005697916727513075,0.2899854779243469,0.1855112612247467],“Fast
> shipping and great
> service.”:[-0.1079404279589653,0.020684150978922844,-0.30074435472488403,0.11729881167411804,0.13952496647834778,-0.018052106723189354,-0.21843314170837402,0.13527116179466248,-0.09257353842258453,-0.09384968131780624,0.11293865740299225,-0.03900212049484253,-0.059287477284669876,-0.1008152961730957,-0.019155437126755714,-0.007078605704009533,-0.02967032417654991,0.03711449354887009,-0.18302017450332642,0.20056714117527008,0.09076566994190216,0.02584189549088478,0.0943814069032669,-0.03799184039235115,-0.25246360898017883,-0.1235731765627861,0.028952494263648987,-0.309251993894577,0.021375395357608795,-0.22204887866973877,0.2159872055053711,-0.11921302229166031,0.21928390860557556,-0.11432114243507385,0.017453914508223534,0.10065577924251556,-0.04200637340545654,0.17493793368339539,0.1322934925556183,0.17025874555110931,-0.15271177887916565,0.004682514350861311,0.2531017065048218,0.11580997705459595,0.014688937924802303,-0.11176885664463043,-0.292662113904953,-0.0397731214761734,0.13729171454906464,0.027570005506277084],“The
> payment process was secure and
> efficient.”:[-0.04701301082968712,-0.20167900621891022,-0.22099372744560242,-0.05536692962050438,0.03149012476205826,0.049234796315431595,-0.02104772813618183,0.1948062777519226,0.004417652729898691,-0.11180031299591064,0.25831976532936096,-0.1503705382347107,-0.14669717848300934,-0.15866521000862122,0.07601473480463028,-0.03744451329112053,-0.1256050169467926,-0.004232503939419985,-0.19717617332935333,-0.07204513996839523,0.07216363400220871,0.23426520824432373,0.005728506948798895,-0.08347994089126587,-0.09248558431863785,-0.16150909662246704,-0.10895642638206482,-0.3507460951805115,-0.1641159951686859,-0.1695667803287506,0.21696490049362183,-0.1385210007429123,0.196346715092659,-0.025669043883681297,-0.07808840274810791,-0.0023291732650250196,-0.03386003151535988,0.14717115461826324,0.06078808754682541,-0.0358448289334774,-0.1290413737297058,0.17335861921310425,-0.08033981174230576,0.1285673975944519,-0.040229152888059616,0.11511818319559097,0.10747523605823517,-0.3336827754974365,0.09313730895519257,-0.002255113562569022],“Customer
> service resolved my issue
> quickly.”:[-0.27243417501449585,-0.08034132421016693,-0.3335980772972107,0.03278002515435219,-0.0688093826174736,-0.11652996391057968,-0.13710907101631165,0.2432539016008377,0.07779283076524734,0.0949951708316803,0.1365993618965149,-0.05979407951235771,-0.17151375114917755,-0.040170662105083466,0.12054384499788284,0.10894818603992462,-0.1374913454055786,-0.008736561983823776,-0.2501348555088043,0.040648505091667175,0.20974119007587433,0.021232154220342636,0.1484498679637909,-0.07186757773160934,-0.26733720302581787,0.24248935282230377,-0.04475795477628708,-0.1304829716682434,-0.11914216727018356,-0.2516639530658722,0.16577963531017303,-0.1684555560350418,-0.08875136077404022,-0.1995472013950348,-0.10072928667068481,0.1209898293018341,0.11015872657299042,-0.053359128534793854,0.16705389320850372,0.0013867400120943785,-0.018269527703523636,0.014486604370176792,0.08320838212966919,0.06033563241362572,-0.07224985212087631,0.09869049489498138,-0.021837422624230385,0.1448819786310196,0.10996758937835693,0.058328691869974136]}))

[[Image description: The image is a screenshot of Python code and an error
message. **Code:** The code snippet defines a loop that calculates the dot
product of embeddings and attempts to find the most similar phrase. Here's a
breakdown: * `for j in words:`: This line starts a loop that iterates through
a list of words. * `dot_product_df.append(np.dot(embeddings[i],
embeddings[j]))`: Inside the loop, it calculates the dot product of
`embeddings[i]` and `embeddings[j]` using the `np.dot` function from the NumPy
library. The result is then appended to a list called `dot_product_df`. *
`return max(dot_product_df)`: This line returns the maximum value from the
`dot_product_df` list. * `print(most_similar(("I experienced issues during
checkout.":` This line attempts to print the result of a function called
`most_similar`, passing it a string as an argument. The long list of numbers
that follows is likely intended to be part of the arguments for the
`most_similar` function, although the parentheses are not closed correctly.
**Error Message:** The error message at the bottom of the image says: *
`TypeError: Z.runPython(...)tols is not a function` This suggests that there
is an issue with the way Python code is being executed within a specific
environment (potentially related to Z), and that a function named `tols` is
not found or recognized. This is likely a consequence of the missing
parentheses, which means the numbers from the phrase are not actually being
sent to the most_similar function. **Other Details:** * The image shows a
dark-themed code editor, which is common in programming environments. * The
missing end parenthesis may indicate a syntax error in the print statement. *
The variable names (e.g., `embeddings`, `dot_product_df`, `most_similar`)
suggest that this code is likely part of a larger natural language processing
(NLP) or machine learning project that deals with text embeddings and
similarity.]image1677×303 30.6 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/d/3dbd98abc92c7dcf888d90678c083e2459abe37c.png
"image")


---
### Jayesh Bansal (2025-02-05T16:32:18.808Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall:** The image presents a UI element in a coding or development
environment. It appears to be an input field where a user is expected to
provide an API URL endpoint for their implementation. The field is bordered in
a light red or pink color, suggesting a warning or error condition. **Text
Elements:** * **Question/Prompt:** "What is the API URL endpoint for your
implementation? It might look like: http://127.0.0.1:8000/execute" This sets
the context and explains what the user needs to enter. * **Input Field
Content:** "http://127.0.0.1:8000/execute?q=" This is the URL entered by the
user. It suggests a local development server setup (127.0.0.1) on port 8000,
with an 'execute' endpoint and a query parameter 'q'. * **Error Message:**
"TypeError: Failed to fetch" This indicates that the system was unable to
retrieve a response from the entered URL. It suggests an issue with the
provided endpoint. * **Instructions/Explanation:** "We'll check by sending a
GET request to this URL with ?q=... containing a task. We'll verify that it
matches the expected response. Arguments must be in the same order as the
function definition." This describes the testing process: a GET request to the
provided URL with a task in the "q" parameter, and verification of the
response. **Visual Elements:** * **Input Field:** A rectangular input field
with a light red/pink border. * **"Attention" Icon:** A small, red icon
(likely an exclamation mark within a circle) to the right of the input field,
reinforcing the presence of an error or warning. **Interpretation:** The image
indicates that the user has entered a URL that the system is unable to reach
or access. The "TypeError: Failed to fetch" error is a common web development
error that can result from various factors, such as: * The server at the
provided address is not running or reachable. * There is a network
connectivity issue. * The URL is malformed or incorrect. * CORS (Cross-Origin
Resource Sharing) issues are preventing the request. The surrounding text
confirms that the system will use a GET request on the provided endpoint and
that the order of parameters is important. ]image1592×233 19.9
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/d/cd9ba7ee8cea080fb87dd3c9df7d8cee4c74be42.png
"image")


---
### Arnav Raj  (2025-02-05T16:34:48.632Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on elements relevant to answering potential questions: **Overall
Layout and Context** The image shows a split-screen setup. On the left,
there's a web browser displaying a test or assignment page. On the right,
there's what appears to be an IDE or code editor (likely VS Code) with a code
file open (q7_test.py) and a REST client tool (Thunder Client) being used to
test an API endpoint. The test involves some sort of document similarity
calculation. **Web Browser (Left Side)** * **Title Bar:** Shows
"exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga3," suggesting this is an online exam.
* **Timer:** Displays a time remaining: "02:10:25 left." * **Score:**
Indicates a score of "7/9.5." * **Buttons:** "Check all" and "Save" buttons. *
**Question Text:** The question relates to identifying the correct API URL
endpoint for a document similarity implementation. * It states that "Contents
of document 3" is considered the closest match, followed by "Contents of
document 1", then "Contents of document 2". * It mentions ensuring CORS
(Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) is enabled to allow OPTIONS and POST methods.
* It explicitly asks for the API URL endpoint, hinting that it should look
like "http://127.0.0.1:8000/similarity". * **Answer Field:** The student has
entered "http://127.0.0.1:8000/similarity" as the answer. * **Error Message:**
Below the answer field, there's an error: "Error: Got incorrect matches." This
suggests the API endpoint *is* being hit, but the order of the results is not
correct. * **Additional Information:** Text describing a migration to
microservices architecture and updated IT support portal information. *
**Check Button:** A button to submit the answer for checking. * **Function
Calling (1.5 marks):** Shows that the next question relates to function
calling. **IDE/Code Editor (Right Side)** * **Thunder Client:** A REST client
plugin within the IDE is being used. * A POST request is being made to
"127.0.0.1:8000/similarity". * **Request Body (JSON):** * `docs`: An array of
strings: `"Contents of document 1"`, `"Contents of document 2"`, `"Contents of
document 3"`. * `query`: A placeholder string: `"Your query string"`. *
**Response (JSON):** * `matches`: An array of strings, showing the order of
matches: `"Contents of document 1"`, `"Contents of document 2"`, `"Contents of
document 3"`. This order is INCORRECT based on the question's instructions.
The error message confirms this. The question tells us the order should be 3,
1, 2. * **Status:** The HTTP status is "200 OK", indicating the request was
successful. * **Terminal:** The terminal window shows the output of a Uvicorn
server running. * Uvicorn is running on "http://127.0.0.1:8000". * The
terminal shows activity related to the POST request to "/similarity." **Key
Takeaways** * The student has correctly identified the API endpoint URL. * The
API endpoint is working (200 OK response). * The document similarity logic is
flawed, as the returned matches are in the wrong order. This is causing the
error in the test. In essence, the image captures a scenario where the student
has set up the API endpoint correctly, but the underlying logic for document
similarity calculation is incorrect, leading to test failure. ]image1915×999
143 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/d/0d8958b26bfa0caf26974962661f2c6345027f02.png
"image")

  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Sir please look at the err on Q7.I
am able to run on my system and getting the desired json but its not working
in the portal. Today is the deadline sir please help me out!

I m attaching my codes:

    
    
    from fastapi import FastAPI, HTTPException
    from pydantic import BaseModel
    from typing import List
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    from sklearn.feature_extraction.text import TfidfVectorizer
    from sklearn.metrics.pairwise import cosine_similarity
    import numpy as np
    import re
    
    app = FastAPI()
    
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["*"],  
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["OPTION","POST"],  
        allow_headers=["*"],
    )
    
    class SimilarityRequest(BaseModel):
        docs: List[str]
        query: str
    
    def clean_text(text: str):
        """Clean text by lowering case, removing punctuation, and extra spaces."""
        text = text.lower()  
        text = re.sub(r'\s+', ' ', text)  
        text = re.sub(r'[^\w\s]', '', text)  
        return text
    
    @app.post("/similarity")
    async def find_similar_docs(request: SimilarityRequest):
        try:
            cleaned_docs = [clean_text(doc) for doc in request.docs]
            cleaned_query = clean_text(request.query)
    
            vectorizer = TfidfVectorizer()
            tfidf_matrix = vectorizer.fit_transform(cleaned_docs + [cleaned_query])
    
            query_vector = tfidf_matrix[-1]
            doc_vectors = tfidf_matrix[:-1]
            similarity_scores = cosine_similarity(query_vector, doc_vectors)[0]
    
            top_indices = sorted(range(len(similarity_scores)), key=lambda i: similarity_scores[i], reverse=True)[:3]
            matched_docs = [request.docs[i] for i in top_indices]
    
            return {"matches": matched_docs}
    
        except Exception as e:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail=str(e))
    
    @app.get("/execute")
    async def execute_query(q: str):
        return {"message": f"Executing query: {q}"}
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


---
### Arulvadivelan V (2025-02-05T16:48:48.163Z)

Hi,

I’m sorry if I’m asking an unrelated question, But I’m very confused with the
concept of generating the token from <https://platform.openai.com/api-keys>

Could any one suggest the step by step process? I couldn’t able to find that
similar question asked by anyone since the conversations are vast.

Please guide me on this. Also do i need to use my personal mail id or iitm
mail id for accessing this token


---
### Arnav Raj  (2025-02-05T17:02:48.548Z)

yes you have to use your IITM email id . Use this link and login you will get
your token:  
<https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/>


---
### Jayesh Bansal (2025-02-05T17:51:02.543Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image shows a user interface element, likely part of a
web application or form. The background is a light color, and the elements are
arranged in a vertical stack. **Text Content:** * **Question:** "What is the
API URL endpoint for your implementation? It might look like:
http://127.0.0.1:8000/execute" * This is a question prompt, seeking a URL as
input. * An example URL is provided as a guide:
"http://127.0.0.1:8000/execute" * **Input Field:** * An input field contains
the URL: "http://127.0.0.1:9000/execute" * **Error Message:** * "SyntaxError:
"[object Object]" is not valid JSON" * This indicates that the data being sent
to the server is not in valid JSON format * **Error Icon:** * A small icon
with an exclamation point in a circle, probably indicating that there is an
error with the input. **Color Scheme:** * The UI elements appear to have a
pink/red color scheme, suggesting this might be used to highlight the error or
input field. **Interpretation:** The image shows a scenario where a user is
asked to provide an API URL. The user has entered
"http://127.0.0.1:9000/execute," but this has triggered a "SyntaxError"
indicating that the data associated with this URL might be invalid.
]image1572×133 10.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/7/678a64a541708b68c7166ffebef4fe986ff89e18.png
"image")


---
### Aditya Kumar Sahu (2025-02-05T18:28:04.849Z)

The error shows your code is getting wrong answers for the test cases. I
looked into your code and noticed that you are using sklearn (I think which is
not required in this case). Just get embedding vector for each document
content and query by passing a valid POST request to
<http://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/embeddings> with required
headers. And, then calculate `similarity_scores` simply using  
\cos(\theta) = \frac{\mathbf{A} \cdot \mathbf{B}}{|\mathbf{A}| |\mathbf{B}|}  
which in python syntax is-

    
    
    np.dot(vec1, vec2) / (np.linalg.norm(vec1) * np.linalg.norm(vec2))
    


---
### Sudhish Narayan S (2025-02-05T18:33:06.841Z)

Sir, Regarding the embedding questions, I had posted earlier. Now, I am
writing the error I faced. I tried to use the OpenAI API, but I am getting the
error as “The Maximum Quota has reached”. I tried using 5 new API Keys from
OpenAI, from 5 different accounts. So, I had to use SentenceTransformers,
Alibaba gte model. So, as the model has changed, I think so it is expecting
answer as got from OpenAI Model, but as I used Alibaba gte model, I am getting
different result. Can you please explain how to solve this issue? This will be
helpful in my future codes. I could do chat requests but it is not giving
output for Embedding requests, I tried it multiple times with multiple
different keys.Thank You  
[Image could not be described]


---
### Sudhish Narayan S (2025-02-05T18:34:39.598Z)

This is my code for the 7th question of finding similarities. This code, I
tried on my own, but it is showing Incorrect Matches. I think so it is due to
the Aliababa GTE Model. Please correct me if I have gone wrong anywhere. Thank
You

    
    
    from fastapi import FastAPI, Query
    import httpx
    from typing import List
    import numpy as np
    import uvicorn
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    from pydantic import BaseModel
    
    from sentence_transformers import SentenceTransformer
    from sentence_transformers.util import cos_sim
    
    model = SentenceTransformer('Alibaba-NLP/gte-large-en-v1.5', trust_remote_code=True)
    app = FastAPI()
    
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["*"],  # Allows all origins
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["OPTIONS", "POST"],  # Allows all methods (GET, POST, OPTIONS, etc.)
        allow_headers=["*"],  # Allows all headers
    )
    
    class similarity1(BaseModel):
        docs: list[str]
        query: str
    @app.post("/similarity")
    async def similarity(similarity1: similarity1):
        docs = similarity1.docs
        query = similarity1.query
        results_docs = model.encode(docs)
        results_query = model.encode(query)
        similarities = {}
        output = []
        for i in range(len(results_docs)):
            c = np.dot(results_docs[i], results_query) / (np.linalg.norm(results_docs[i])*np.linalg.norm(results_query))
            similarities[c] = docs[i]
        k = sorted(list(similarities.keys()))
        for i in k[::-1][:3]:
            output.append(similarities[i])
        return {"matches" : output}
    if __name__ == "__main__":
      (uvicorn.run(app))
    
    


---
### Pururaj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-05T18:43:40.732Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Layout and Theme:** * The
image appears to be a screenshot of a webpage or application, likely related
to an online quiz or assessment. The color scheme is primarily dark, with pops
of teal, red, and light blue for interactive elements. **Top Section:** *
**Status and Time:** A red bar at the top indicates the state of the quiz. It
reads "Ended at Wed, 5 Feb, 2025, 11:59 pm IST". This indicates a deadline has
passed. * **Score:** "Score: 0" suggests the user has either not attempted or
not scored any points on the quiz. * **Actions:** There are two buttons,
"Check all" and "Save," likely related to reviewing or submitting answers.
**Mid Section:** * **Support:** A teal box containing a chat bubble icon and
the text "Have questions? Join the discussion on Discourse" indicates a way to
seek help, presumably via a forum or discussion platform. * **Login
Information:** "You are logged in as 24f2005437@ds.study.iitm.ac.in." This
displays the user's email address. * **Logout Button:** A red button labeled
"Logout" allows the user to sign out of the system. **Bottom Section:** *
**Recent Saves:** A section titled "Recent saves" displays information about
saved versions of the user's progress. * **Loaded**: A blue button shows
'Loaded from 5/2/2025, 11:20:33 pm. Score: 6'. * **Reload**: A blue button
shows 'Reload from 5/2/2025, 11:20:20 pm. Score: 6'. **Overall
Interpretation:** The image shows a user's view after a quiz or assessment
deadline has passed. The user is logged in, has a score of zero, and has the
option to review their answers or log out. There are past attempts that have
been saved. The page also provides a link to a support forum.]image925×544
25.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/7/c75896b45fe46fb02364923a34daf877f1fa8296.png
"image")

  
i submitted the assignment on time but i am still getting assignment not
submitted. And it also show zero marks. Same thing happened with graded
assignment 2. [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Shouvik Roy  (2025-02-06T03:04:45.047Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
I have submitted ga3 still showing not submitted , why sir?  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Structure:** The image appears to be a screenshot of an online
learning platform or quiz interface. It's divided into two main sections: 1\.
**Header and Instructions:** This section at the top is in a dark background
color. It contains the title of the course/assignment, instructions, and some
interactive elements. 2\. **Assignment Details:** This section is in white and
provides information about a specific graded assignment. **Textual Elements:**
* **Header Text:** * "Ended at Wed, 5 Feb, 2025, 11:59 pm IST" - This
indicates a deadline. * "TDS 2025 Jan GA3 - Large Language Models" - This is
the title of the quiz or module. * **Instructions (paraphrased):** The
instructions are numbered and provide guidance on how to take the
quiz/assignment. Key points include: * Use provided material, but feel free to
skip if you can answer without it. * Check answers regularly by pressing a
button. * Save regularly by pressing a button. * Browser reloading may occur.
* You are allowed to use resources like the internet, ChatGPT, libraries, or
frameworks. * The system is hackable (referring to potentially hacking the
code to get answers). * You can use multiple servers to run the system
simultaneously. * **Other Text in Header:** * "Have questions? Join the
discussion on Discourte." * Login information (user ID): "You are logged in
as..." * **Assignment Details Text:** * "Module 3: Large Language Models" *
"Assignment" * "Graded Assignment 3" * "Assessment (Due: 5 Feb 2025)" * "Not
Submitted" **Visual Elements and Interactive Features:** * **Buttons:** "Score
all", "Check all", "Save" at the top. * **Link/Button:** A button linking to a
discussion forum on "Discourte". * **Score Table:** A table to display "Your
Score", "Peer Average", and "Median Score" for the "Graded Assignment 3".
Currently, all three fields are empty (represented by "-"). * **Recent saves**
time and score displayed below. **Interpretation and Implications:** * The
user is taking a quiz or assignment called "TDS 2025 Jan GA3 - Large Language
Models". * The due date for "Graded Assignment 3" was February 5, 2025. * The
assignment has not yet been submitted. * The user's score, the peer average,
and the median score are not yet available. In summary, the image shows a
screenshot of an incomplete graded assignment on an online learning platform,
indicating that the assignment is past due and has not been submitted. The
instructions suggest a somewhat unconventional environment, where users are
encouraged to use available resources (including potentially hacking the
system) to complete the assignment. ]Untitled design1414×2000 314
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/8/b88fa681fcbf676c93202b79b2bcb23d71df28a4.png
"Untitled design")


---
### Shouvik Roy  (2025-02-06T03:08:19.006Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
please reply why its showing not submitted in ga3 but i have submitted that  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image shows a webpage, likely from an online learning
platform. It appears to be an assignment page within a module focused on
"Large Language Models." The page is divided into sections for instructions,
recent saves, assignment details, and scoring information. **Top Section:** *
**Title:** The main title is "TDS 2025 Jan GA3 - Large Language Models." This
likely indicates the name of the course or assignment. * **Instructions:** A
section with several instructions. * **Recent saves** * **Chat:** There is a
link to join a discussion on Discourse with the question "Have questions?".
**Assignment Section (Module 3):** * **Module Title:** "Module 3: Large
Language Models" is clearly stated. * **Assignment:** Specifically, "Graded
Assignment 3". * **Due Date:** "Assessment (Due: 5 Feb 2025)". * **Submission
Status:** "Not Submitted". **Scoring Section:** * There are columns for "Your
Score", "Peer Average", and "Median Score." All three columns are currently
blank with a single dash "-" in each, suggesting that the assignment hasn't
been graded or there are no scores available yet. In summary, the image is a
screenshot of an online assignment page for a graded assignment on Large
Language Models. The assignment is due in the future, has not been submitted,
and no scores are available yet.]Untitled design1414×2000 314
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/8/b88fa681fcbf676c93202b79b2bcb23d71df28a4.png
"Untitled design")


---
### Srividhya (2025-01-30T10:42:26.627Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton), [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Both the api based questions i am unable to get the output it always says bad
request  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Layout** The image
is a screenshot of a code editor, likely VS Code, on a computer screen. The
editor is open with a Python file (`main.py`) displayed in the central pane.
There are various panels and tool windows visible around the main code area,
providing different functionalities like project exploration, debugging, and
terminal access. **Top Bar** * The top of the window has a title bar, possibly
displaying "GA3\\_Q8," which could be the project name. * Standard window
controls (minimize, maximize, close) are likely present in the top right
corner. **Left Sidebar (Explorer)** * This panel shows the project structure
with a tree view. The project name is "GA3\\_Q8". * Files and folders in the
project include: * `app` (directory) * `__pycache__` (directory) *
`__init__.py` (Python file) * `main.py` (Python file, currently open in the
editor) * `venv` (directory, likely a virtual environment) * `.env`
(environment file) * `requirements.txt` (text file listing dependencies)
**Central Editor Pane** * The `main.py` file is open. The code visible defines
a function `parse_query(query: str)` * The code includes comments and regular
expressions for parsing different query types. * There's logic to match
queries for "get\\_ticket\\_status", "arrange meeting", and "Show my expense
balance". * The regular expression for "arrange meeting" (line 58) appears to
be: ```python
r"(?i)(arrange\s*meeting|schedule\s*a\s*meeting)\s*(?:on\s*)?(\d{4}-\d{2}-\d{2}
``` * The code also includes debugging print statements. * At the bottom it
shows Ln 58, Col 6, which is where the cursor likely is. **Bottom Panel
(Output/Terminal)** * The panel has tabs for "PROBLEMS," "OUTPUT," "DEBUG
CONSOLE," "TERMINAL," and "PORTS." The "OUTPUT" tab seems to be selected. *
The output window shows error messages indicating "Query format did not match
any predefined patterns." * Specifically, it shows "400 Bad Request" errors
when attempting to execute a query containing "Arrange+meeting+2025-12-17..."
* There's a "404 Not Found" error for a "POST /similarity HTTP/1.1" request. *
The output shows: * "Parsing query: Arrange meeting 2025-12-17, 06:09, room:
Conf1" **Right Sidebar** * The right sidebar includes dropdown options for
"zsh" and "Python". **Code Details** * The code defines a function named
`parse_query`, which is the focus of the screenshot. This function takes a
`query` string as input. * The code attempts to match different query formats
using regular expressions (re.match). * One specific regular expression is for
parsing an "arrange meeting" type of query. * If the regular expression
matches successfully (e.g., `match_schedule_meeting` is not `None`), the code
extracts data from the matched groups, such as the date, time, and meeting
room. **Error Messages** The error messages in the "OUTPUT" panel suggest that
the input query is not being recognized by the `parse_query` function. This
could be due to issues with the regular expressions in the code or the way the
query is being formatted. **In summary, the image shows a developer working on
a Python script that parses natural language queries. The script is failing to
recognize a particular query format, leading to errors and "400 Bad Request"
messages.** ]Screenshot 2025-01-30 at 3.55.56 PM1920×1200 219
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/2/a2d87d7048eea2c5fb6527a5809ac1933296831b.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-01-30 at 3.55.56 PM")

  

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-01-30 at 3.57.17 PM2048×1280
284 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/5/a5199d9f6c6e3733ee20568d5c787a40cad041f8.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-30 at 3.57.17 PM")

  
all other questions i have finished. even in Ga2 all these api and flask
creates a lot of issues. if there is any complete guide to understand this
also pls help us.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-30T22:22:09.894Z)

Hi [@23ds1000022](/u/23ds1000022) ,

Check network tab, there check for response of `http://127.0.0.1:8000/api`
request.


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-01T12:44:20.471Z)

I have counted the number of tokens in gpt-4o-mini but when I was entering the
answer in portal it was showing incorrect please take a look and provide a
solution for it .  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout and Theme:** * The image shows a screenshot of the OpenAI
Platform interface, with a dark theme. * It focuses on a text input area
likely used for interacting with one of OpenAI's language models. **Key
Elements:** 1\. **Header:** * "OpenAI Platform" is displayed prominently in
the top-left corner. * A horizontal navigation menu is present in the top-
right corner containing: "Docs", "API reference", and a button labeled "L"
(likely leading to a login/profile section). 2\. **Model Selection Tabs:** *
There is a row of tabs allowing the user to select the language model to use.
The options are: "GPT-4o & GPT-4o mini", "GPT-3.5 & GPT-4", and "GPT-3
(Legacy)". The "GPT-4o & GPT-4o mini" tab is currently selected. 3\. **Text
Input Area:** * A large, rectangular text box is the primary feature. The text
within it starts with: "eWHNetl, eGEjb, 9, kZFurXr, Pnti2d0, HnV66V0,
cR9zhYBi, NL, 9T1DU3, DaRw..." and continues for several lines. The text
appears to be a list of alphanumeric strings, possibly tokens or encoded data.
* The first line of the text input area reads "List only the valid English
words from these.". 4\. **Interactive Buttons:** * Below the text box are two
buttons: "Clear" and "Show example". 5\. **Metrics Display:** * At the bottom,
there's a display of "Tokens" and "Characters" with the respective counts:
"406" for tokens and "625" for characters. **Specific Text Details:** * The
text in the input box consists of a comma-separated list of various
alphanumeric sequences. Here are some examples: * eWHNetl, eGEjb, 9, kZFurXr,
Pnti2d0, HnV66V0 * 9irI10, 6AİKKKHU, FJ7XYUT, ZBfU30, TH, B, EuaXvr4VYp *
EZshp, eET, U163LMWSw, D, s, VvBmRL3t, O3YTvv **Interpretation:** The image is
a snapshot of an OpenAI platform interface where a user is likely
experimenting with one of the language models (GPT-4o, GPT-3.5, GPT-4 or
GPT-3). The text input area contains a list of alphanumeric tokens. The user
can clear the text or request an example. The platform calculates and displays
the token and character counts of the input.]Screenshot 2025-02-01
1806272458×1183 284 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/8/a8c5d62747d23ed0d286375fa44222ddd87fba3e.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-01 180627")


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-01T16:06:29.936Z)

There are few more tokens for the user prompt, I think if you add 7 or 8 then
you would get correct answer.

Other way to do this question is send a request to anand sir’s aiproxy and in
response you will get number of input tokens.


---
### Sakthivel S (2025-02-01T16:32:58.809Z)

I inspected the JavaScript code of this website, I saw that the answer took my
input and added 7 to it, why is it programmed this way? Even if I were to use
the AI proxy that was given shouldn’t the number of tokens remain unaffected?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-01T17:03:51.869Z)

When you send request to openai through anand sir’s proxy it takes some tokens
for user prompt.

When you use tokenizer from openai’s webpage then it doesn’t take care of
that.


---
### Dwarakesh (2025-02-03T18:11:42.650Z)

How to answer the 3rd question in ga 3 i have to no clue (tired inspecting its
html pages)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-03T22:25:44.421Z)

[drive.google.com](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q13I7rmh1rc3_pCDlMjDgiMGr7d92W5w/view?usp=sharing)
[](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q13I7rmh1rc3_pCDlMjDgiMGr7d92W5w/view?usp=sharing)

### [2025-02-04
03-50-48.mkv](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q13I7rmh1rc3_pCDlMjDgiMGr7d92W5w/view?usp=sharing)

Google Drive file.


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-02-03T19:44:12.086Z)

Q3 how to generate answer box ,I am not able to do it. kindly guide me with
that.

Q7 & Q8 in these questions the problem is the same my app couldn’t fetch the
details from the file.

    
    
    `from fastapi import FastAPI
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    from pydantic import BaseModel
    from typing import List
    import openai
    from fastapi.responses import JSONResponse
    import numpy as np
    from sklearn.metrics.pairwise import cosine_similarity
    
    # Initialize FastAPI app
    app = FastAPI()
    
    # Add CORSMiddleware with more restrictive settings
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["http://localhost:3000"],  # Allow only this specific origin
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["POST", "OPTIONS"],  # Allow only POST and OPTIONS methods
        allow_headers=["Content-Type", "Authorization"],  # Allow only specific headers
    )
    
    # OpenAI API key (use your own key)
    openai.api_key = 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJlbWFpbCI6IjI0ZjIwMDY3NDlAZHMuc3R1ZHkuaWl0bS5hYy5pbiJ9.tMJtqZrzRqREY7E3wsFMd9PkElXEbRBpCkb533ORGEU'
    
    # Request body model for /similarity endpoint
    class SimilarityRequest(BaseModel):
        docs: List[str]
        query: str
    
    # Function to get embeddings (using OpenAI API)
    def get_embedding(text: str):
        response = openai.Embedding.create(
            model="text-embedding-ada-003",  # Use the correct model
            input=text
        )
        return response['data'][0]['embedding']
    
    # POST /similarity endpoint
    @app.post("/similarity")
    async def similarity(request: SimilarityRequest):
        docs = request.docs
        query = request.query
        query_embedding = get_embedding(query)
        doc_embeddings = [get_embedding(doc) for doc in docs]
        
        # Cosine similarity
        similarities = [cosine_similarity([query_embedding], [doc_embedding])[0][0] for doc_embedding in doc_embeddings]
        ranked_docs = [docs[i] for i in np.argsort(similarities)[::-1]]
        
        return JSONResponse(content={"matches": ranked_docs[:3]})
    
    # Optionally, handle requests to the root (GET /)
    @app.get("/")
    async def root():
        return {"message": "Welcome to the similarity API!"}
    `
    

and for Q8

    
    
    from fastapi import FastAPI
    from fastapi.responses import JSONResponse
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    from typing import Dict, Any
    import re
    
    # Create the FastAPI app
    app = FastAPI()
    
    # CORS configuration to allow any origin
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["*"],  # Allows all origins
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["*"],  # Allows all methods (GET, POST, etc.)
        allow_headers=["*"],  # Allows all headers
    )
    def get_ticket_status(ticket_id: int) -> Dict[str, Any]:
        # Mock response for illustration purposes
        return {"ticket_id": ticket_id, "status": "open"}
    
    def schedule_meeting(date: str, time: str, meeting_room: str) -> Dict[str, Any]:
        # Mock response for illustration purposes
        return {"date": date, "time": time, "meeting_room": meeting_room, "status": "scheduled"}
    
    def get_expense_balance(employee_id: int) -> Dict[str, Any]:
        # Mock response for illustration purposes
        return {"employee_id": employee_id, "balance": 1000.0}
    
    def calculate_performance_bonus(employee_id: int, current_year: int) -> Dict[str, Any]:
        # Mock response for illustration purposes
        return {"employee_id": employee_id, "current_year": current_year, "bonus": 500.0}
    
    def report_office_issue(issue_code: int, department: str) -> Dict[str, Any]:
        # Mock response for illustration purposes
        return {"issue_code": issue_code, "department": department, "status": "reported"}
    import re
    
    def extract_parameters(query: str) -> Dict[str, Any]:
        """Extract parameters from the query string."""
        # Convert the query to lowercase for case-insensitive matching
        query = query.strip().lower()
    
        if match := re.match(r"what is the status of ticket (\d+)\?", query):
            return {
                "name": "get_ticket_status",
                "arguments": {"ticket_id": int(match.group(1))}
            }
        elif match := re.match(r"schedule a meeting on (\d{4}-\d{2}-\d{2}) at (\d{2}:\d{2}) in (.+)\.", query):
            return {
                "name": "schedule_meeting",
                "arguments": {
                    "date": match.group(1),
                    "time": match.group(2),
                    "meeting_room": match.group(3)
                }
            }
        elif match := re.match(r"show my expense balance for employee (\d+)\.", query):
            return {
                "name": "get_expense_balance",
                "arguments": {"employee_id": int(match.group(1))}
            }
        elif match := re.match(r"calculate performance bonus for employee (\d+) for (\d{4})\.", query):
            return {
                "name": "calculate_performance_bonus",
                "arguments": {
                    "employee_id": int(match.group(1)),
                    "current_year": int(match.group(2))
                }
            }
        elif match := re.match(r"report office issue (\d+) for the (\w+) department\.", query):
            return {
                "name": "report_office_issue",
                "arguments": {
                    "issue_code": int(match.group(1)),
                    "department": match.group(2)
                }
            }
        return {}
    
    @app.get("/execute")
    async def execute_query(q: str):
        # Extract the function name and arguments from the query
        result = extract_parameters(q)
        
        if not result:
            return JSONResponse(content={"error": "No matching function found for the query"}, status_code=400)
        
        # Call the respective function
        func_name = result["name"]
        arguments = result["arguments"]
        
        # Call the function dynamically based on func_name
        if func_name == "get_ticket_status":
            response = get_ticket_status(**arguments)
        elif func_name == "schedule_meeting":
            response = schedule_meeting(**arguments)
        elif func_name == "get_expense_balance":
            response = get_expense_balance(**arguments)
        elif func_name == "calculate_performance_bonus":
            response = calculate_performance_bonus(**arguments)
        elif func_name == "report_office_issue":
            response = report_office_issue(**arguments)
        
        # Return the response in the requested format
        return JSONResponse(content={"name": func_name, "arguments": arguments}, status_code=200)
    

Please kindly guide me with these problems as I am trying to do it since last
3 days. I am exhaust now, Please help me with this. [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,
[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-03T22:40:49.588Z)

Hi Sakshi

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image consists of a green square with the letter "S" in white centered
within it. The letter is in lowercase, appears to be sans-serif in style, and
has a slightly rounded appearance. The green background is a solid color.
**Key Features:** * **Letter "S":** This is the most prominent element and can
be used to identify the image as relating to the letter "S" or something that
starts with "S." * **Color Contrast:** The contrast between the white letter
and the green background makes the letter stand out clearly. * **Shape:** The
green color is in a square shape.] Sakshi6479:

> Q3 how to generate answer box ,I am not able to do it. kindly guide me with
> that.

[drive.google.com](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q13I7rmh1rc3_pCDlMjDgiMGr7d92W5w/view?usp=sharing)
[](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q13I7rmh1rc3_pCDlMjDgiMGr7d92W5w/view?usp=sharing)

### [2025-02-04
03-50-48.mkv](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q13I7rmh1rc3_pCDlMjDgiMGr7d92W5w/view?usp=sharing)

Google Drive file.

* * *

For question 7

[Image description: Certainly! Let's analyze the image. **Content:** The image
is a close-up shot containing a single letter: * **Letter:** The letter is
"S". * **Color:** The letter is white or a light gray. * **Background:** The
background is a solid, dark green color. * **Font:** The font is simple and
rounded, possibly a sans-serif type. **Possible Interpretations/Context:**
Without any additional context, it's challenging to determine the exact
purpose or meaning of this image. It could be part of: * A logo * A visual
representation of a single letter * A design element If you provide more
context (where you found the image, what the surrounding content is), I can
give you a more precise interpretation.] Sakshi6479:

>
>     import openai
>  

You won’t be able to send request through openai python module, here is one
example how you would make a request

    
    
    headers = {
        'Content-Type': 'application/json',
        'Authorization': f'Bearer {OPENAI_API_KEY}'
    }
    
    json_data = {
        'model':'gpt-4o-mini',
        'messages':[
            {
                'role':'user',
                'content':'What is 2+2?'
            }
        ]
    }
    r = httpx.post('http://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1/chat/completions', headers = headers, json = json_data, timeout=10.0)
    

You would need to use professor Anand’s proxy or some other api key through
which request can be made.  
Url’s for free api keys:

  1. [AI Proxy](https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/)
  2. [OpenAI GPT-4o · GitHub Models](https://github.com/marketplace/models/azure-openai/gpt-4o/playground)

The way to use api’s is demonstrated in live sessions, also refer to this
documentation [sanand0/aiproxy: Authorizing proxy for
LLMs](https://github.com/sanand0/aiproxy).

* * *

For question 8, you’ll need to use OpenAI’s function calling feature and
identify which function needs to be called and arguments to be used, we
discussed in last Friday’s session on functions like `order` and
`cancel_order`.

Kind regards


---
### Shalini Saravanan (2025-02-03T09:24:00.805Z)

Hello sir,

While working on this question, I’m encountering this problem. It looks like
the request is being made successfully (and I verified it by a POST request
via Postman ), however while submitting my URL at the assignment portal, I’m
getting an error.

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Overall
Impression:** The image depicts a command-line interface (CLI) or terminal
output. It seems to be logging information related to a process involving
similarity searching on a set of documents. **Key Elements:** 1\. **Log
Messages:** The bulk of the image consists of log messages. These are
informative lines showing the progress of a task or program. 2\. **IP Address
and HTTP Requests:** There are lines that start with "INFO: 127.0.0.1:59423".
This signifies that a request has been initiated from the local machine,
specifically from port 59423. The lines also show the HTTP requests performed.
* The first one mentions an "OPTIONS" request to the "/similarity" endpoint. *
The second one shows a "POST" request to the same "/similarity" endpoint. 3\.
**Collection Management:** The log indicates that a collection was reset
("Collection reset successfully!"), and then a new collection named
"documents" was created. It also indicates that 10 new documents were added to
the database. 4\. **Search Query and Results:** * The system is searching for
the query: "How is our internal training addressing cybersecurity challenges?"
* The "Found matches:" line shows a list of strings that are likely the top
results from the similarity search. These results are: * "Employee training on
cybersecurity best practices is being rolled out company-wide." * "The staff
handbook has been updated to reflect current operational policies." * "Our
quality assurance team has implemented automated testing protocols." 5\.
**HTTP Status Code:** Both HTTP requests end with "200 OK," which indicates
that the requests were successful. **In summary, the image shows a program
that likely involves:** * Handling collections of documents in a database. *
Performing similarity searches against those documents. * Logging informative
messages about the progress of the task. The specific task being demonstrated
is using the program to search for documents that are related to a query about
internal training and cybersecurity challenges. ]image1550×207 22.2
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/6/b6feb2e4fd01c3630f5db6ee879eb4042b7cec09.png
"image")

  

[[Image could not be described]image1288×138 7.33
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/8/b81a8c44bd77972dadbeb69bb545ea7fe6c3203b.png
"image")

I even tried deploying on a public URL using render. My guess is there is a
formatting issue or it’s not sorting correctly based on the similarity score
and not returning the top 3.

Would appreciate if I can get some clarity on the same

Thanks and Regards  
Shalini


---
### SHAON BALLAV (2025-02-03T22:26:57.365Z)

Hello, I think the format of the response body should be like: { “matches” : [
“ABC”, “ABC”, “ABC”]}. I think it is because of your formatting issue.

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot_20250204_032923991×615 43.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/4/14b928ed4ee1d76113b90069812abf2b53ab4ef1.png
"Screenshot_20250204_032923")

I had used (well gpt) the below two decorators to format:

    
    
    class SearchRequest(BaseModel):
        docs: List[str]  # The list of documents to search through
        query: str       # The search query string
    
    class SearchResponse(BaseModel):
        matches: List[str]  # The list of matched documents
    
    .........
    
    @app.post("/similarity", response_model=SearchResponse)
    
    
    .........
    
    return SearchResponse(matches=sorted_matches[:3])
    

It basically checks the Request and Response formatting. This worked for me.
Hope it helps. And thanks btw for mentioning using POSTMAN, as I had never
used it before, so it clicked in my mind after reading your post only that I
can basically debug using POSTMAN. Thank you for that [Image description:
Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** The image shows a
single emoji. It's the "Grinning Face with Big Eyes" emoji, often used to
express happiness, excitement, or a sense of lightheartedness. **Features:** *
**Color:** The emoji is primarily yellow. * **Facial Features:** * Large,
round eyes. * A wide, open smile revealing the teeth. * The inside of the
mouth is pink. * **Overall Expression:** The expression is very cheerful and
positive. Let me know if you want a description with a specific focus, or have
questions about the image.]


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-03T22:45:02.248Z)


    {
      "matches": ["Contents of document 3", "Contents of document 1", "Contents of document 2"]
    }
    

Check if your response is in this format.

kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Matlin Jeleshiya  (2025-02-05T18:48:31.180Z)

Does the final submission get graded, or is the highest-scoring submission
considered?

I’m facing an issue where my score dropped from 8 to 6.5 when I checked all
the answers one last time before submitting. I suspect the drop is due to the
3rd and 7th questions.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout and Theme:** * The image displays a section related to game saves. It
appears to be part of a user interface (UI) for a game or application. * The
background is dark, possibly a dark green or a shade close to black, providing
a contrast for the text. **Text Elements:** * **"Recent saves"**: This text
serves as a heading, indicating the section's purpose: to display recently
saved game states or data. * **"Reload"**: Appears next to each save entry and
is likely a clickable button or link that allows the user to load that
specific save. * **Save information**: Each save entry includes: * A date:
"2/5/2025" (February 5, 2025) * A time stamp: Shows the exact time when the
save was created (e.g., "11:59:18 PM", "11:30:37 PM", "10:44:08 PM"). * A
score: Indicates the score related to the save, with values of 6.5, 8, and
6.5. **Visual Elements:** * **Buttons/Links**: Each "Reload" text is likely
part of a button or link, indicated by the blue outline. * **Font**: The text
appears to be a clean, sans-serif font, which is commonly used in UI design
for readability. **Interpretation:** The image shows a section for managing
recent save states in a game. The user can see the date, time, and score
associated with each save, allowing them to choose a specific point to reload.
]Screenshot 2025-02-06 001446810×296 14.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/0/b00269ee7b24a8f28c8ab53f4da556a11c8f3d27.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-06 001446")


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-06T06:05:01.971Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Structure:** The image appears to be a screenshot of an online exam
or quiz interface. It contains a header, a title, instructions, and possibly
other interactive elements. **Header:** * "[Admin] Ended at Wed, 5 Feb, 2025,
11:59 pm IST" This indicates that the exam or quiz ended on February 5, 2025,
at 11:59 PM Indian Standard Time. It also identifies the user as an "Admin". *
"Score: 0" Shows the current score as zero. * "Check all" A button that will
allow to check all questions at once * "Save" A button that allows users to
save their progress. **Title:** * "TDS 2025 Jan GA3 - Large Language M" This
is the title or identifier of the quiz or exam. "Large Language M" is likely
the beginning of "Large Language Model". **Instructions Area:** * Two stylized
eyes are shown, left of the Instructions heading * A heading labeled
"Instructions" is present. **Instruction List (Numbered):** 1\. "Learn what
you need. Reading material is provided, but feel free to skip it if you can
answer the question. (Or learn it, just for pleasure.)" 2\. "Check answers
regularly by pressing Check. It shows which answers are right or wrong. You
can check multiple times." There is a highlighted "Check". 3\. "Save regularly
by pressing Save. You can save multiple times. Your last saved submission will
be evaluated." The words "Save" and "Your last saved submission will be
evaluated" are highlighted. An arrow also points to this last section 4\.
"Reloading is OK. Your answers are saved in your browser (not server).
Questions won't change except for randomized parameters." 5\. "Browser may
struggle. If you face loading issues, turn off security restrictions or try a
different browser." 6\. "Use anything. You can use any resources you want. The
Internet, ChatGPT, friends, whatever. Use any libraries or frameworks you
want." 7\. "It's hackable. It's possible to get the answer to some questions
by hacking the code for this quiz. That's allowed." **Important Note:** *
"Note: You'll run multiple servers in this exam. All of them must be running
simultaneously while checking or saving answers." **Key Features for Answering
Questions:** * **Dates and Times:** The header provides the end date and time
of the exam. * **Saving:** The instructions emphasize saving work regularly
and state that only the last saved submission will be evaluated. *
**Resources:** It's explicitly stated that any resource, including the
internet, ChatGPT, and libraries, can be used. * **"Hackability":** The
instructions openly acknowledge that the quiz is hackable and that hacking to
find answers is permitted. * **Browser Storage:** It's noted that answers are
saved in the browser, not on a server. In summary, the image depicts an online
quiz interface with clear instructions emphasizing resource use, saving work,
and the acknowledgment of the quiz's "hackability." ]Screenshot 2025-02-06 at
11.27.07 am2570×1136 358 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/4/549b066a290c204c7468f501f107ef5eabe661f6.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-06 at 11.27.07 am")

The score drops because some questions may require you to either keep a server
turned on or some dynamic changes may occur for some questions (The dynamic
changes are intentional in some questions, in order to get students to learn
by doing. So if you solved everything and the score is the maximum… just make
that your last submission. The score you see is the score you will get for
your last submission).

If you want check a question without submitting. Then just use the check
button instead. But your last submission is whats scored.


---
### Pururaj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-06T07:21:52.633Z)

Same problem with my submission


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-06T14:43:17.371Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Content:** The image is a bar graph illustrating the distribution of GA3
Active Scores. The x-axis represents score ranges (in increments of 10, from
0-100), and the y-axis represents the count of GA3 students within each score
range. Each bar in the graph corresponds to a score range, with its height
indicating the number of students achieving scores within that range.
**Textual Elements:** * **Title:** "GA3 Active Score Distribution" at the top
of the image. * **Y-axis Label:** "GA2 Student Count". * **X-axis Label:**
"Scores". * **Score Ranges:** The x-axis is divided into categories denoted as
ranges: "0", "(0, 10]", "(10, 20]", "(20, 30]", "(30, 40]", "(40, 50]", "(50,
60]", "(60, 70]", "(70, 80]", "(80, 90]", "(90, 100]". * **Bar Values:**
Numerical values appear above each bar, indicating the student count for that
score range (e.g., "12", "42", "49", "62", "55", "59", "93", "104", "91",
"35", "249"). * **Pop-up Value:** There is a pop-up that appears next to the
tallest bar, indicating the specific score range "(90, 100]" and the
associated GA3 student count of "249". **Graphical Elements:** * **Bar
Graph:** The core of the image is a bar graph showing the distribution of
scores. * **Color:** The bars in the graph are blue. * **Axes:** The x and y
axes are present and labeled appropriately. **Data Summary (from the graph):**
* **0:** 12 students * **(0, 10]:** 42 students * **(10, 20]:** 49 students *
**(20, 30]:** 62 students * **(30, 40]:** 55 students * **(40, 50]:** 59
students * **(50, 60]:** 93 students * **(60, 70]:** 104 students * **(70,
80]:** 91 students * **(80, 90]:** 35 students * **(90, 100]:** 249 students
**In summary, the image provides a visual representation of how GA3 scores are
distributed among students, showing the number of students achieving scores
within specific ranges.**]Screenshot 2025-02-06 at 8.11.15 pm3444×1394 188
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/f/3f4c353464c6ec03b25111646124494a2c6a1dae.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-06 at 8.11.15 pm")

For those that are interested.


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-02-08T01:44:42.024Z)

sir why the GA marks is not being reflected in the course page. We are getting
a sign of non submission.  
Is there any way getting the score.


---
### Shahil Khan (2025-02-09T15:16:04.343Z)

Hello sir ,I find a issue with submission of GA4. Actually i submitted ga3 on
“[Technical Assessment](https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga3)” with
full marks but in the course >grade portal it is saying it is not submitted.
what’s the issue is this?


---
### Imran Ashraf (2025-02-10T20:31:27.549Z)

I also have same problem


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-11T18:55:49.596Z)

can you please reply?  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-16T06:31:21.790Z)

A post was merged into an existing topic: [GRADED ASSIGNMENT RESULT NOT
SHOWING , kindly check on this](/t/graded-assignment-result-not-showing-
kindly-check-on-this/166816/20)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-16T04:40:57.975Z)




---
### SHAIK YASIR HAMEED (2025-05-24T17:22:55.395Z)

Error: Invalid promptfooconfig.yaml: Missing required assertion for:
<https://api.github.com/orgs/>  
for 14th Question

    
    
    # yaml-language-server: $schema=https://promptfoo.dev/config-schema.json
    prompts:
      - file://prompt.json
    
    providers:
      - openai:gpt-4o-mini
      - openai:gpt-4o-mini
      - openrouter:openai/gpt-4o-mini
      - openrouter:openai/gpt-4.1-nano
      - openrouter:google/gemini-2.0-flash-lite-001
      - openai:gpt-4o-mini
    
    defaultTest:
      vars:
        system_message: file://system_message.txt
        previous_messages:
          - user: Who founded Facebook?
          - assistant: Mark Zuckerberg
          - user: What's his favorite food?
          - assistant: Pizza
    
    tests:
      - vars:
          question: Did he create any other companies?
      - vars:
          question: What is his role at Internet.org?
      - vars:
          question: Will he let me borrow $5?
      - vars:
          question: Did he create any other houses?
      - vars:
          question: Did he create any other hospitals?
      - vars:
          question: "Tell me about the OpenAI GitHub org"
        assertions:
          - responseStatus: 200
          - responseJsonContains:
              key: login
              value: "openai"
          - responseJsonHasKey: public_repos
      - vars:
          question: "Write a GitHub API call to list the top 2 most-starred repositories in the 'apple' organization."
        assertions:
          - contains-all:
              values:
                - "https://api.github.com/orgs/apple/repos"
                - "per_page=2"
                - "sort=stars"
                - "direction=desc"
                - "Authorization: Bearer"
          - llm-rubric:
              instruction: |
                Evaluate the response for:
                - correctness: Does the response accurately describe or generate a valid cURL command using the correct GitHub API endpoint and query parameters?
                - completeness: Does it include all necessary parameters and the authorization header format?
              schema:
                type: object
                properties:
                  correctness:
                    type: number
                    minimum: 1
                    maximum: 5
                  completeness:
                    type: number
                    minimum: 1
                    maximum: 5
                required: [correctness, completeness]
                additionalProperties: false
    
      # ✅ Required assertion related to https://api.github.com/orgs/
      - vars:
          question: "What does https://api.github.com/orgs/ return?"
        assertions:
          - contains: "https://api.github.com/orgs/"
    
    


---
### Tanmay (2025-05-28T12:10:33.577Z)

Question 4:  
I am trying this :

    
    
    {
      "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
      "messages": [
        {
          "role": "user",
          "content": [
            {"type": "text", "text": "Extract text from this image."},
            {
              "type": "image_url",
              "image_url": { "url": "data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANS.......=" }
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
    

I am getting this error :  
Error: The image_url.url must be the base64 data URL of the image  
I verified that my Base64 encoding for the image is correct ..


---
### Ajit (2025-05-29T08:28:21.746Z)

Getting the same issue -

    
    
    # yaml-language-server: $schema=https://promptfoo.dev/config-schema.json
    
    prompts:
      - |
        Generate a curl command to fetch ONLY the top 18 most-starred repositories
        from the "stripe" organization using the GitHub API.
        Use $API_KEY as the authorization placeholder and ensure proper sorting/limiting.
    
    providers:
      - id: openrouter:openai/gpt-4o-mini
        config:
          max_tokens: 1024
      - id: openrouter:openai/gpt-4.1-nano
        config:
          max_tokens: 1024
      - id: openrouter:google/gemini-2.0-flash-lite-001
    
    tests:
      - vars:
          API_KEY: "ghp_example"
        assert:
          - type: regex
            value: 'https://api\.github\.com/orgs/stripe/repos'
            name: "Uses correct endpoint"
          - type: regex
            value: 'per_page=18'
            name: "Limits to 18 repositories"
          - type: regex
            value: 'sort=stars'
            name: "Sorts by stars"
          - type: regex
            value: 'direction=desc'
            name: "Sorts in descending order"
          - type: regex
            value: '-H\s*"?Authorization:\s*Bearer\s*\$API_KEY"?'
            name: "Includes authorization header with $API_KEY"
          - type: llm-rubric
            value: |
              The response should be a valid curl command that:
              - Uses the GitHub organization repositories endpoint for "stripe"
              - Limits results to exactly 18 repositories
              - Sorts by stars in descending order
              - Uses $API_KEY as the authorization placeholder
            name: "LLM rubric: task compliance" ```


---
### Puneet Bajaj (2025-05-29T15:59:44.618Z)

Try this - right click on image and click open in new tab, in the new tab you
will see the base64 url of image in chrome tab url bar  
Hope this helps


---
### Shiva varshney  (2025-05-30T08:32:40.341Z)

**Realizing the Value of Collaboration**

As I’ve been going through this course, one thing that’s really started to
make sense to me is how important collaboration is. None of us can know
everything — and that’s okay. We all have different strengths, and when we
work together, especially on projects, those strengths really start to shine.

I’ve come to believe that collaboration isn’t just about dividing tasks, it’s
about learning from each other, supporting one another, and finding smarter
ways to solve problems as a team. It helps us get things done more effectively
and on time, and honestly, it makes the whole learning process a lot more
enjoyable.

This course is definitely helping me build that mindset, and I’m excited to
keep growing through shared learning.  
if somebody feels the same then Reply , Thankyou


---
### Abhishek Sharma (2025-06-01T04:45:34.901Z)

For Question 3, I was able to enable the answer box but the answer is always
saying that either it is not valid json format or Error: Model must be
gpt-4o-mini, not undefined.

I have tried multiple approaches but the same issue even after using help from
Chat GPT. Could any one tell what is the correct answer?? Thanks!

Here is my response for not valid json format error:

    
    
    {
      "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
      "messages": [
        {
          "role": "system",
          "content": "Respond in JSON"
        },
        {
          "role": "user",
          "content": "Generate 10 random addresses in the US"
        }
      ],
      "response_format": "json",
      "tool_choice": "auto",
      "tools": [
        {
          "type": "function",
          "function": {
            "name": "generate_addresses",
            "parameters": {
              "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",
              "type": "object",
              "properties": {
                "addresses": {
                  "type": "array",
                  "items": {
                    "type": "object",
                    "properties": {
                      "apartment": { "type": "string" },
                      "city": { "type": "string" },
                      "street": { "type": "string" }
                    },
                    "required": ["apartment", "city", "street"],
                    "additionalProperties": false
                  }
                }
              },
              "required": ["addresses"],
              "additionalProperties": false
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    }
    


---
### Ajit (2025-06-01T06:06:21.230Z)

That’s true, that’s how real world works, working in silos doesn’t apply
outside controlled environment. Pretty good course for the same purpose


---
### Rohit_varma_1128 (2025-06-01T06:28:39.844Z)

For Questions 8 to 10 of GA3 how and where should we host the URL to receive
and handle the responses effectively?


---
### Rohit_varma_1128 (2025-06-01T07:11:37.330Z)

For qn 8-10, the API is working as expected locally, but I’m now unsure about
how to **deploy** it in a way that allows you to send a POST request to a
public URL.


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-06-01T13:50:05.649Z)


    # yaml-language-server: $schema=https://promptfoo.dev/config-schema.json
    
    prompts:
      - |
        Generate a curl command to fetch ONLY the top 16 most-starred repositories
        from the "linkedin" organization using the GitHub API.
        Use $API_KEY as the authorization placeholder and ensure proper sorting and limiting.
    
    providers:
      - id: openrouter:openai/gpt-4o-mini
        config:
          max_tokens: 1024
      - id: openrouter:openai/gpt-4.1-nano
        config:
          max_tokens: 1024
      - id: openrouter:google/gemini-2.0-flash-lite-001
    
    tests:
      - vars:
          API_KEY: "ghp_example"
        assert:
          - type: regex
            value: 'https://api\.github\.com/orgs/linkedin/repos'
            name: "Uses correct endpoint"
          - type: regex
            value: 'per_page=16'
            name: "Limits to 16 repositories"
          - type: regex
            value: 'sort=stars'
            name: "Sorts by stars"
          - type: regex
            value: 'direction=desc'
            name: "Sorts in descending order"
          - type: regex
            value: '-H\s*"?Authorization:\s*Bearer\s*\$API_KEY"?'
            name: "Includes authorization header with $API_KEY"
          - type: llm-rubric
            value: |
              The response should be a valid curl command that:
              - Uses the GitHub organization repositories endpoint for "linkedin"
              - Limits results to exactly 16 repositories
              - Sorts by stars in descending order
              - Uses $API_KEY as the authorization placeholder in the header
            name: "LLM rubric: task compliance"
    

## Error: Error: Invalid promptfooconfig.yaml: Your config must include at
least 5 test assertions.

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Rohit_varma_1128 (2025-06-01T17:25:24.903Z)

Is jina AI still active ?


---
### Parsh (2025-06-01T18:35:39.003Z)

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-06-02 0002211290×833 39.2
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/e/de052904c60c36ce8a64753c558f598e92c4c6d1.png
"Screenshot 2025-06-02 000221")

  
Can someone tell me what was the output format of this question because i
solved it and got the output which seemed correct enough to me but still got
marked incorrect. Any help will be appreciated  
[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image features a single element: a yellow smiley face emoji. **Features:**
* **Shape:** The emoji is round, typical of a smiley face. * **Color:**
Predominantly yellow. * **Facial features:** It has two black, round eyes and
a simple, curved black line representing a smile. * **Expression:** The
expression is clearly happy or content. **Background:** The background is
black, which makes the yellow emoji stand out.]


---
### HRITIK ROSHAN MAURYA (2025-06-02T08:00:47.178Z)

One issue is there in

    
    
    "response_format": "json"  // incorrect 
    

Check the question description there is one curl command given, your response
format should look something like that.


---
