### Anand S (2025-03-03T03:42:19.146Z)

Please post any questions related to [Project 2 - TDS
Solver](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/project-2).

Deadline: Monday, March 31, 2025 6:29 PM


---
### Anand S (2025-03-03T03:43:13.472Z)




---
### Andrew David (2025-03-03T04:02:50.399Z)

If someone Scrapes the GA Questions with Answers , Can you Please Send them ,
All of us have might have different GAs (a lil bit maybe), so more data more
helpful. PLEASE HELP‚Ä¶

[Image could not be described] [Project 2 - TDS Solver - Shared Data
Pool](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-tds-solver-shared-
data-pool/169045) [Tools in Data Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> Project 2 - TDS Solver - Discussion Thread Creating this Thread to share
> answers and questions from your respective assignments Why?
> interrobangthinking If we can Train the LLM with these Questions already, we
> can easily do well? Too many Questions for LLM nerd_facenerd_facenerd_face
> True we can use embeddings, map that stored in-system dictionary and use
> relevant questions from in-system data to send as context with answer What
> We need from YOU ü´µüèΩ Get to scraping your respective Gra‚Ä¶

@all


---
### Achuthan M (2025-03-03T04:33:00.062Z)

is it possible to have written solutions to all 5 assignments , instead of
just live sessions. I have certain pending questions from the first 5
assignements.


---
### Hardik D (2025-03-03T05:12:53.749Z)

Please quickly arrange a live TDS session to explain this project. There are a
lot of doubts and questions in our minds.


---
### Hardik D (2025-03-03T05:33:25.883Z)

Please also give access to the answers for GAs. So that we can evaluate our
api with the correct answers.


---
### Shambhavi  (2025-03-03T06:01:22.068Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) sir, is there any bonus marks for code uniqueness and
extra tasks like project 1


---
### Praphull Kumar Shahi  (2025-03-03T06:20:33.077Z)

If we use ngrok to create a tunnel to our API or Llamafile server, for how
long should our terminal remain running? Should it be active only at the time
of submission, or must it be continuously available until evaluation is
completed?


---
### B R GIRI SUBRAHMANYA (2025-03-03T06:40:11.842Z)

Is it like only the questions from the portal will be sent to the api?

If yes, is this project just about finding which question is asked and
accordingly match the answer send the answer as response?


---
### Shalini Saravanan (2025-03-03T07:08:47.172Z)

[[Image description: The image shows text on a dark background. The largest
text at the top reads "Deploy your application". There is a horizontal line
below this title. Below the line, a paragraph says "Deploy your application to
a public URL that can be accessed by anyone. You may use any platform,
including Vercel." The overall message encourages the user to deploy their
application using any platform, specifically mentioning Vercel. ]image935√ó173
6.54 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/3/53bf199bb686fb99cd7b6974c6971326fb8c8482.png
"image")

  
Hello Sir,

I understand that we can deploy on vercel. Can it be deployed on Heroku as
well? I believe both serve the same purpose. Wanted to know your thoughts on
the same sir.

Thanks and Regards  
Shalini


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-03T07:33:25.182Z)

If you use ngrok, ensure that it is running continuously until you get your
results


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-03T07:34:57.718Z)

Any question from first 5 Ga‚Äôs can be there and you would need to analyze
which question it is, you can use function calling or prompting as well.
Function calling is better approach here.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-03T07:38:24.972Z)

Hi [@24f2006531](/u/24f2006531)

You can deploy it anywhere, just test how it works on Heroku, if it works(send
request to api endpoint to your application and it should respond with answer)

Kind regards


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-03-03T08:38:46.572Z)

will the asked question be same which was asked in my GAs (i mean there were
variations in problem statements for diff-diff students.)  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir


---
### Yogesh (2025-03-03T08:59:32.067Z)

Was the variation because of the datasets? Or even the problem statement?


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-03-03T09:25:06.689Z)

Mostly problem statement like different cities etc


---
### Yogesh (2025-03-03T09:29:47.534Z)

Then it comes down to what the project demands, as in what kind of questions
the llm will be tested on (like you said). Hope the team can give us a test
set like in the first project.


---
### Nilay Chugh (2025-03-03T09:42:02.201Z)

my question is some graded assignments have image files as a answer, so should
our api return files as the answer or like can you clarify what type of
answers we need to work on?


---
### Sakthivel S (2025-03-03T10:04:24.668Z)

I guess yes, our APIs should return photos if required


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-03T11:42:29.654Z)

@all

Keep posting your doubts here we will have answers to all of your doubts In
Thursday‚Äôs session.

Kind regards


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-03-03T12:16:15.155Z)

Sir will it answer deployment question? like what will be output link or
anything else?


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-03T12:54:28.796Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Could we have a tutorial-type session, similar to the one provided for Project
1, just before the deadline?


---
### Vivek Rekha Ashoka (2025-03-03T16:35:20.859Z)

There are a total of 57 questions in all 5 GAs(18+10+9+10+10).  
Due to so many different formats of accepting questions and solving them, my
main question is:  
Is the main essence of this project related to deciphering cryptic js code in
order to scrape it?

Some other doubts are

  1. Some questions ask for you to access some hidden divs in the html page and use that for solving (like week 1 q11)
  2. Some questions ask you for AIPROXY TOKENs (like week 3 q9)
  3. Some questions required manual correction to get correct answers (like week 4 q2)
  4. Some questions require file output (like week 2 q2)

How do we account for this? [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Vinil (2025-03-03T16:49:05.470Z)

I have few questions just going through the Project 2 problem statement.

  1. Are we supposed to use OpenAI api‚Äôs or locally/private hosted one?
  2. Many of the questions need files or images or audio files as input, same api is expected to handle those also?
  3. Can we work in a team and submit the project together?
  4. If we are to use locally hosted llm system, our systems are not strong enough to run most of the good ones locally
  5. Is it possible to get a TA to collaborate in our project as an observer?

awaiting a response.

Thank you‚Ä¶


---
### Praul Ayar (2025-03-04T17:08:02.875Z)

LLM is god, if you dont know how to use llm in your work, you are failed
students. unnecessary project statement.


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-03-04T18:17:15.123Z)

Is it okay if my api only answers the questions which were asked in my GAs ?
[@carlton](/u/carlton) sir [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-03-05T16:19:45.117Z)

please confirm this query sir [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) because most of them are
very hard to make automated.


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-03-05T18:08:24.132Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Dear Sir,  
I have few questions. It is written in the [Tools in Data
Science](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/project-2) that we can expose the api using
vercel (the example given also uses vercel). But I don‚Äôt think vercel can
handle/allow many operations, some of them are listed below.

  1. In GA 1 ques 13 and GA 2 Ques 7, we have to create github repo, then creating github actions and then retrieve the raw github file url. We can accomplish this using Github CLI `gh` which we have to install in the vercel instance using `apt` package manager.  
But, Vercel does not provide sudo access which is required to install
packages.

  2. In GA 2 ques 10, we have to use local LLM (Llamafile), will vercel allow that?  
Also after that, we have to give answer as the ngrok public url for which we
have to first install `ngrok` package.

  3. In GA 2 ques 8, uploading an image to Dockerhub requires `docker` package installed.
  4. In GA 2 ques 6, Deploy a Python API to Vercel in a Vercel instance?
  5. Many ques require writing and running FastAPI server to serve data with CORS enabled. Can Vercel allow/do that?
  6. And many more

Most tasks mentioned above like installing packages etc. requires sudo
privilages or may face restrictions set by Vercel.  
Vercel does not provide sudo access or any form of root access to its hosting
environment which is required to perform the above tasks.

Many of these task can be done in our local systems (exposing to internet
using cloudflare tunnels/ngrok), but we cannot run our systems 24*7 during
evaluation.

I can see only one option left that is renting a VPS from server providers
like digitalocean, gcp, aws etc, which will provide us sudo access and 100%
uptime.

Also, some ques requires external toolings like

  1. In GA1 ques 5, it is written to explicitly use Excel and this will only work in Office 365.
  2. In GA1 ques 6, we have to use Devtools to show/find the hidden element in the question. Now, the question parameter in the POST request will be plain text, so how the element can hide there?
  3. GA 2 ques 4 and GA 2 ques 5 uses Google Colab specific python libraries like google.colab which can‚Äôt be installed locally.

How to solve these above questions that require explicit usage of external
tools.

Also, handling POST request for some questions are not clear like

  1. In GA 2 ques 2, we have to compress the image and upload the image as answer. So, now how to response such answer in json object. Should we encode the resultant compressed image as base64 string or Image URL or Data URI.
  2. Some ques have images in them. For those images in GAs, I right clicked and used ‚ÄúSave as‚Äù to save the images and then done the required computations. So, now when this question will be sent as POST request, will the image be included as the base64 encoded string in the question parameter of the POST request itself or as an optional file attachment?

Another concern is regarding the OpenAI API TOKEN, unlike Project 1, Project 2
does not have an API_TOKEN parameter in the POST request. Hence, the API TOKEN
provided from <https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev> will be also used during
evaluation. Now, what will happen if our API TOKEN credits gets end during
evaluation. The LLM will throw errors then.

Please advise what we should do. please clarify Sir.


---
### Kabir Vyas (2025-03-06T07:24:07.488Z)

Can you provide with an evaluation file like we had for Project 1.


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-06T08:58:10.417Z)

Can we have groups for this please? [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-06T09:27:20.661Z)

If you are talking about the parameters of those questions, then it would be
better if you make your API capable of working with different parameters.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-06T09:32:07.810Z)

Well if your API is capable of solving those questions in your GAs with the
expected answer, then that‚Äôs sufficient validation.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-06T09:38:01.726Z)

If you are indicating towards working collaboratively then,  
Yes, we encourage you to collaborate with others and collectively work towards
solving this project. Even if you are going for the relatively easiest
approach of Function Calling, it would require you to code about 50 functions
to solve all your tasks. Which is why it is sensible to work collectively.


---
### Shalini Saravanan (2025-03-06T11:22:47.655Z)

Hello Sir,

I have a few questions. Would like your thoughts and suggestions over the
same.

  1. Currently answers that we have entered for GA‚Äôs 1 to 4 are not available and only for GA5 its available. It would be helpful for the project (when running the Curl command for each of the question) if the assignments can display the answers we‚Äôve entered as well for verification purposes.

  2. The first question of GA1 q1 needs for us to run vs code but when executing it through vercel its not possible because vercel is a serverless environment. In this case, is it okay to manually enter the answer in the code, so when the question is triggered it takes the manual output from the code.

  3. Can you provide some clarity as to how the question is supposed to be and structured ? Or should the code be able to handle multiple variants of the question? To address this concern, i tried to implement sentence_transformers using a lightweight model but the vercel application build failed saying that the data is too long and that Vercel serverless function deployment size exceeds the limit of 250 MB. Should i consider deploying elsewhere or change the approach?

  4. How do we handle questions pertaining to Devtools - creating input box etc.

Thanks and Regards  
Shalini


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-07T04:49:57.688Z)

What does it mean to solve the question?  
Everyone is asking that?  
Do you yourself know what to do and to go about it?  
Or just pull out something from your hAtSS at the last moment?

‚Äúand responds with the answer to enter in the assignment.‚Äù  
From my understanding only those questions that are solved with a program and
give an answer are to be considered‚Ä¶ For example it states in the project that
:backhand_index_pointing_down:t3:  
" The response must be a JSON object with a single text (string) field:
`answer` that can be directly entered in the assignment. For example:"  
If you all still have not responded, then I‚Äôm honestly not sure if this is
what y‚Äôall meant.  
Last project was not clear to some extent, This time its even more vague.

I understand that y‚Äôall want to give different projects to help High Order
Thinking skills, but if not executed properly, no one actually learns anything
and we(I) just end by debugging the project statement code and question with
no relevance to the project. If we wanted to do that, I could just go random
GitHub repos and solve and create pull requests for a specific bug. Also we
end up losing interest thinking most if the course instructors don‚Äôt what they
are doing. I understand Anand Sir is extremely busy(like really busy lol), but
what are the course instructors doing?


---
### Sujay D (2025-03-07T05:57:24.238Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
Sir is it possible to extend the deadline of this project 2 to Arpil. Because
of Quiz2 and Vivas of project should be completed in march only as I am degree
potential student. Extending the deadline wont be disadvantage also, project2
will be like ET preparation

Please consider this request sir

Thanks


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-08T18:29:18.407Z)

I just want to know if you prefer using an existing language model application
where we utilize an LLM (Large Language Model), train it, and format the
output. For instance, I used the Gemini API key, integrated it with Python,
and then formatted the results with the help of Copilot to achieve the desired
outputs.

Alternatively, do you want us to create a new LLM model and train it with
questions from graded assignments? I‚Äôm curious about your preference.

Additionally, would you like the LLM to provide specific answers regarding
computer specifications, or should it give general specifications? For
example, in Graded Assignment 1, there is a question about the editor: Visual
Studio Code.

Your editor is the most important tool in your arsenal; that‚Äôs where you‚Äôll
spend most of your time, so make sure you‚Äôre comfortable with it.

Visual Studio Code is, by far, the most popular code editor today. According
to the 2024 Stack Overflow Survey, almost 75% of developers use it. We
recommend you learn it well. Even if you use another editor, you‚Äôll likely
work with others who use VS Code, so having some exposure is beneficial.

To get started, you can watch these introductory videos (totaling 35 minutes)
from the Visual Studio Docs:

  * Getting Started: Set up and learn the basics of Visual Studio Code (7 min)
  * Code Editing: Learn how to edit and run code in VS Code (3 min)
  * Productivity Tips: Become a VS Code power user with these productivity tips (4 min)
  * Personalize: Personalize VS Code to make it yours with themes (2 min)
  * Extensions: Add features, themes, and more to VS Code with extensions (4 min)
  * Debugging: Get started with debugging in VS Code (6 min)
  * Version Control: Learn how to use Git version control in VS Code (3 min)
  * Customize: Learn how to customize your settings and keyboard shortcuts in VS Code (6 min)

## AI Editors: Copilot, Cursor

Note: AI editors like Cursor, Cody, and GitHub Copilot use LLMs to help you
write code faster. These tools are built on top of VS Code and have become
standard in every developer‚Äôs toolkit. Please make sure to use them.

To install and run Visual Studio Code, open your Terminal (or Command Prompt)
and type `code -s`, then press Enter. Copy and paste the entire output below.

What is the output of `code -s`? The output of `code -s` cannot be universally
answered because it depends on the user‚Äôs system and the specific version of
VS Code installed. The question requests the output of a command that is
unique to each user.

As for the part about getting answers from the LLM model, I believe that may
require using an AI agent. I am currently searching for a solution for this,
and I would like to know your thoughts on it.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Layout:** The image shows a web interface, seemingly an "IIT Madras
Assignment Helper" tool. The layout consists of the following sections: 1\.
**Header:** * "IIT Madras Assignment Helper" text is prominent. * A welcome
message indicates the tool's purpose: "Welcome to the Assignment Helper! This
tool helps you find answers to IIT Madras Data Science graded assignment
questions." 2\. **Ask a Question Section:** * A title reads "Ask a Question".
* A text area contains a question/prompt: "Write a DuckDB SQL query to find
all posts IDs after 2025-01-16T06:36:30.3672 with at least 1 comment with 5
useful stars, sorted. The result should be a table with a single column called
post\\_id, and the relevant post IDs should be sorted in ascending order.
Check the console for the result of your query." * An "Upload assignment file
(optional)" section with a "Choose File" button and "No file chosen"
indicator. * A green "Get Answer" button. 3\. **Answer Section:** * The title
reads "Answer:". * A text area contains a SQL query: ```sql sql SELECT post_id
FROM social_media WHERE timestamp >= 2025-01-16T06:36:30.367Z AND
EXISTS(SELECT 1 FROM json_each(comments) WHERE json_extract(value,
$.stars.useful)::INT > 5 ) ORDER BY post_id; ``` **Key Elements and
Features:** * **IIT Madras Branding:** Indicates the tool is associated with
IIT Madras. * **Data Science Focus:** The tool is designed for data science
assignments. * **SQL Query Task:** The core functionality involves generating
SQL queries. * **DuckDB SQL:** The specific SQL dialect is DuckDB. *
**Timestamp Filtering:** The query involves filtering data based on a
timestamp (2025-01-16T06:36:30.3672). * **JSON Data:** The query uses JSON
functions (json\\_each, json\\_extract) implying the data contains JSON
fields. Specifically, it references "comments" and "stars.useful". * **Comment
Star Rating:** The query filters based on a condition that requires at least
one comment with more than 5 "useful stars". * **Post ID Sorting:** The
results are to be sorted by post\\_id in ascending order. * **Upload
Functionality:** The ability to upload files (presumably containing assignment
information or data). * **Automated Answer Generation:** The "Get Answer"
button suggests the tool can automatically generate the SQL query based on the
provided question. * **Specific Tables and Columns:** The SQL query references
"social\\_media" table with "timestamp" and "post\\_id" columns and the
"comments" column. In summary, the image depicts an interactive tool designed
to help students with IIT Madras data science assignments by generating SQL
queries to address specific tasks involving data filtering, aggregation, and
sorting. It uses DuckDB SQL and incorporates JSON data extraction to solve
problems related to social media posts and their comments. ]image1214√ó831 34.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/6/f6860bd3cad2b025acf1216565bc8c8092398b35.png
"image")


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-08T20:24:06.747Z)

can we make this type of solution for above project

[yantravid-git-main-vicky-kumars-
projects-5400c012.vercel.app](https://yantravid-git-main-vicky-kumars-
projects-5400c012.vercel.app/)

### [IIT Madras Assignment Helper](https://yantravid-git-main-vicky-kumars-
projects-5400c012.vercel.app/)


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-09T04:11:51.924Z)

and this is also working with simple question  
[Image description: The image shows a terminal window with the command `curl
-X POST "https://yantravid-git-main-vicky-kumars-
projects-5400c012.vercel.app/api/" -F "question=what is 2+2?"` being executed.
The output of this command is `{"answer":"4"}`, which is a JSON string. The
current directory in the terminal is `D:\Yantravid>`. ]


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-09T04:44:29.248Z)

[[Image could not be described]image1260√ó149 8.95
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/5/151998ae4289188b8c48eb508b07d5b5be92100a.png
"image")


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-03-09T23:30:56.369Z)

Sir, for GA-5 question number 3 the file is too large to send via request to
vercel  
possible solution is uploading on google drive or smth like that but how will
u guys send such long files plus the project only mention sending files not
url ‚Ä¶Kindly clarify regarding this.


---
### Dhruv banerjee (2025-03-10T15:58:43.840Z)

[[Image description: The image contains text describing an API endpoint. It
states that the application exposes an API endpoint located at `https://your-
app.vercel.app/api/`. The endpoint is designed to accept POST requests, with
the example given as `POST https://your-app.vercel.app/api/ with the
question`. Additionally, the endpoint can handle optional file attachments in
the multipart/form-data format. ]image1010√ó145 13.6
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/c/0c0b37f42517eff1cd792108a3bd72b7ce89393c.png
"image")

  
Here, the questions entered after the endpoint will be exactly same as the GAs
or be similar as the GAs ??


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-11T18:46:54.291Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) please look into my matter and please clear
my doubt


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-03-12T05:16:29.498Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
I received this mail from TDS Google Group Announcement this morning at 10:30
am. The Project 2 submission date mentioned in the mail i.e. 15 March 2025
contradicts with submission date mentioned in [Tools in Data
Science](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/project-2) and  
[Project 2 - TDS Solver - Discussion
Thread](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-tds-solver-
discussion-thread/169029) i.e. 31 March 2025. Please clarify.

[[Image could not be described]image788√ó973 265 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/d/2d146ca9b917a885714df89b0153d5e4b5608907.png
"image")

  

[[Image could not be described]image1069√ó531 41.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/7/57b2406cf77dd1714a839b3f3328b8a830effc42.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**General Overview** The image is a screenshot of a discussion thread related
to a project called "Project 2 - TDS Solver". It appears to be part of an
online learning platform, likely used for a data science course. The interface
is dark-themed. **Top Area** * **Project Title:** "Project 2 - TDS Solver -
Discussion Thread" in large font. * **Course Information:** Below the title
are tags or categories: "Courses", "Tools in Data Science", "announcement",
"term1-2025", and "tds-project-2". * **Author:** * Avatar: A circular image of
a person (likely the instructor). * Name: "s.anand" * Role: "Course_faculty"
**Thread Content** * **Main Question:** "Please post any questions related to
Project 2 - TDS Solver 71." The "71" likely indicates the number of comments
or replies. * **Deadline:** "Deadline: Monday, March 31, 2025 11:59 PM" with a
globe icon. **Engagement Metrics** * **Views:** "530 views" * **Likes:** "32
likes" * **Links:** "3 links" * **Users:** "24 users" and there are avatars of
users **Interactions** * **Likes:** "5 ‚ô°" indicates the number of likes on the
initial post. * **Reply:** A "Reply" button with a small arrow icon allows
users to respond. **Timeline** * "9d" likely means the post was made 9 days
ago. * "6 min read" estimates the time it takes to read the post and replies.
* "Pinned on Mar 3" indicates the post has been pinned or emphasized on March
3. **In Summary** The image showcases a project discussion thread in an
educational setting, providing information on the project, deadlines,
participation metrics, and interaction options. ]image1115√ó601 66.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/b/8bd240c5d1fe076d8dc52a7250ce592865f12e46.png
"image")


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-14T03:55:58.000Z)

The deadline is 31st March for Project 2. Please ignore the announcement
email. We apologise for the confusion.

Kind regards


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-03-16T17:34:13.759Z)

Is there any proxy_Ai token as provided earlier for the project 1..


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-17T02:59:01.000Z)

Hi Ayush,

Just go the AI Proxy token issue page and re-issue it or use the same one. The
limits get reset.  
Kind regards


---
### Naga durga prasad E (2025-03-17T03:55:11.620Z)

My Approach , is to

  1. scrape and parse all the current question
  2. create embeddings , of the questions.
  3. create a test endpoint , just to check if i am able to correctly identify the questions
  4. segregate numerical , string and json responses and see if these can be answered part of phase 1
  5. Phase 2 , experiment with url based answers. need to see if an MCP server can come in handy  
to deploy a server and return an url


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-03-17T05:21:00.055Z)

Since the token is limited, I have thought to use the run llms locally, to
check for the accuracy of solving the question.

  1. I want to know which LLM will be more closer to the one used for evaluating our project.
  2. Does the model used for evaluation is capable for handling raw files, or we need to pass it in the text format..(As as I am to recall, the models are capable enough to handle the files..)  
Thanks!

Does anyone willing to work with me..?  
contact: whatsapp(8697454203)


---
### S. Nirmal (2025-03-17T06:55:19.004Z)

Should we answer the questions and return the response to enter in the answer
box(as stated in the question) or should we just provide instructions on how
to go about solving the question? Some of the questions include pictures and
we cannot use LLM for pictures.


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-17T12:33:50.284Z)

Did you just Post your number on a public forum?


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-17T12:36:25.281Z)

They(instructors) only don‚Äôt what to do it looks like, Anand Sir will tell
them and they will tell you (with 25-50 percent lossy communication), just
wait and keeping tagging Anand Sir. He will explain clearly, Ask everyone to
push for a live session with Anand Sir , that 40 mins he explains will be
worth its weight in gold, Hope he does that. Flattery gets me everywhere (not
really, I really think Anand Sir is OP. Check out his YT
:fire::fire::saluting_face:)! [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Naga durga prasad E (2025-03-17T15:40:31.485Z)

A good video, with working code for OpenAI agents api ..
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z7u6DTDZ8o>


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-03-18T05:25:03.720Z)

should we make the functions on the basis of the GAs or should we make it
general so it will be able to perform the task but the data provided will be
different.  
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-18T05:56:47.593Z)

The key learning objective for Project 2 is for you to be absolutely
comfortable interacting with APIs and understanding how they work to perform
tasks.

So there is very little need for the use of LLMs or agents.

  1. Identify the the question being asked (how you do this is upto you, you can be as simplistic as using regex to look for some key words, or you can be clever and create embeddings out of the original question and calculate the similarity from the request)
  2. Create a function that solves the question with the required parameters and inputs. Remember this does not have to be fancy. Just compute the answer. You do not need to do the task as the GA required. You ONLY want the answer. No tools required. Just a computed answer.
  3. Give the answer back as specified.

Kind regards


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-18T11:52:35.725Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a close-up portrait of a man against a blurred,
plain background. The lighting is relatively soft, highlighting his features.
**Subject:** * **Person:** The main subject is a man. He appears to be in his
late 20s or early 30s. **Physical Appearance:** * **Facial Features:** He has
a warm complexion, short, dark hair neatly styled, and a slight smile. His
eyes are dark and framed by rectangular, rimmed glasses. * **Clothing:** He is
wearing a dark purple or maroon button-down shirt. The collar is visible.
**Background:** * **Color:** The background appears to be a muted, solid
color, potentially a light beige or pale yellow. It lacks any specific
patterns or objects. * **Focus:** The background is out of focus, drawing more
attention to the man in the foreground. **Lighting:** * The lighting seems
soft and even, illuminating his face without harsh shadows. **Overall
Impression:** The image projects a friendly and approachable vibe. The focus
and lighting are well-executed, creating a clear and visually pleasing
portrait.] carlton:

> You do not need to do the task as the GA required.

Does this mean this type of question won‚Äôt be paramaterized?

[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Context:** The
image contains instructions for using Visual Studio Code (VS Code) within a
terminal or command prompt. It outlines a specific command (`code -s`) and
asks about its output. **Elements:** 1\. **Text Instructions:** * "Install and
run Visual Studio Code." * "In your Terminal (or Command Prompt), type `code
-s` and press Enter. Copy and paste the entire output below." * "What is the
output of `code -s`?" 2\. **Command Highlighting:** The command `code -s` is
likely highlighted with a different color (potentially pink or red) to draw
attention to it. **Meaning:** The image is essentially a prompt asking the
user to execute the `code -s` command within their terminal and then provide
the output they receive. The underlying goal is likely to test the user's
ability to interact with VS Code from the command line and understand the
functionality of the `-s` flag (which could relate to a settings server or
similar). ]

Like instead of `code -s` there won‚Äôt be any other command, otherwise it would
require installation of VS Code inside a container to find the answer or this
type of questions won‚Äôt be part of evaluation at all?

The same confusion is for these type of questions as well:  

[[Image description: The image presents two separate questions about writing
formulas in spreadsheet software. The first question focuses on Google Sheets.
It provides the formula "=SUM(ARRAY_CONSTRAIN(SEQUENCE(100, 100, 15, 6), 1,
10))" and asks for the result. The second question concerns Excel,
specifically Office 365. The formula provided is
"=SUM(TAKE(SORTBY((3,14,6,10,3,12,9,6,3,12,15,4,11,11,4,14),
(10,9,13,2,11,8,16,14,7,15,5,4,6,1,3,12)), 1, 9))", and the user is prompted
to provide the result. A note mentions that users without Office 365 may
receive a "#NAME?" error, indicating an incompatible version. Each question
has a designated area for inputting the answer and a "Check" button,
suggesting an interactive exercise or quiz. ]Screenshot 2025-03-18 at 5.43.34
PM1329√ó750 44.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/5/7526d6eeacedc3b8dbec38fd07fb631d503f0665.png
"Screenshot 2025-03-18 at 5.43.34 PM")

A bit more clarity would be helpful. Thanks in advance.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-18T13:19:18.148Z)

[Image could not be described] 21f2000709:

> Like instead of `code -s` there won‚Äôt be any other command, otherwise it
> would require installation of VS Code inside a container to find the answer
> or this type of questions won‚Äôt be part of evaluation at all?

there will not be any other command. This question can be solved with a
hardcoded answer

Excel and Google sheet questions can be solved by just using python . No excel
or google sheets required.

The question WILL be parameterised however. So the numbers might be different.
You should just understand what the question is asking and solve it
programatically to get the answer.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-18T14:06:13.238Z)

Guys, I have designed a new version of this project. Please ask questions
related to the graded assignment and let me know if you observe any errors.  
[AI Question Answering](https://regulations-contributing-millions-
angela.trycloudflare.com/)


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-03-18T14:41:38.397Z)

Means no github, image related, vs-code, vercel, etc. will be there


---
### Ansh bansal (2025-03-18T14:57:56.661Z)

And the answer will be in string format ??


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-18T15:22:05.912Z)

I am not sure how you came to that conclusion!

For example vercel question still requires a vercel endpoint that will
respond.

What I said is some questions might not need you to use those specific tools.
Your answers should still be legitimate answers that one can paste into the
text box of a GA and still get it correct.

The only question that will not be asked is the LLM say yes question.

A github account would still need you to commit a file to it and provide the
url that is reachable.

etc.


---
### Jayaram (2025-03-18T17:29:29.138Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) 1 small request.. can we have 2-3 more examples in the
project2 description.. so that it gets a bit more clear


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-19T11:33:05.507Z)

**Prof. Anand Live Session Alert!**

  * [Image could not be described] **Date & Time:** Wednesday, March 19, 2025 ¬∑ 9:00 ‚Äì 10:00 PM (IST)
  * [Image could not be described] **Speaker:** Professor Anand
  * [Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** * The image features a single object: a red pushpin (also known as a thumbtack). **Objects and Features:** * **Color:** The pushpin is predominantly red. * **Shape:** It has a circular head, likely made of plastic, and a sharp, pointed pin extending from the center of the head. * **Perspective:** The pushpin is presented in a way that makes it clear how it's constructed and used - the head is visible for pushing, and the pin is meant to penetrate a surface. * **Background:** The background is plain black, which helps the red pushpin stand out. **Overall Impression:** The image is a clear and simple representation of a common office or stationery item. It would be easily recognizable to most viewers.] **Topic:** Project 2 Q&A + General Course Queries
  * [Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** The image shows a simple graphic representation of a chain link. **Visual Features:** * **Object:** The primary object is a link from a chain. It appears to be composed of two interlocked loops. * **Color:** The link has a light blue, or light cyan color with some shading to give it a slightly 3D appearance. * **Style:** The graphic style is quite basic, with visible pixelation indicating it may be a low-resolution image. **Overall Impression:** The image is a simple icon or graphic meant to represent a link, likely related to connections, relationships, or something similar. ] **Google Meet Link:** [Join Here](http://url237.study.iitm.ac.in/ls/click?upn=u001.FrsGe6wgnGFQ7SeE9RgsnXyC7-2Bs5DCMDnB4XkxqFd3k2eEoGdOWtgYm0Vj3Y-2FyatYygA_TaYffKNLhcpM10MCY1PnqDJT-2FNuZ61KkdeQdP748DgJIHBveqWN7MW2nmp9Bjx3duSmBjg5OoK74k-2F4xXBO6V3n3qhKMKwd0wpwWDd1QTRcmufGhDej3Jovut9eB2B-2FKQIczKSgdTkzhLVDn2NzWdOijAjfGATgpHFSMVaNhH2r4WMYxY1yuBcM8h-2FC87c600hzYnZAH0tDDLBwNuOAfytRmwndVDxR5uLxLZIPV8KA-3D) (<https://meet.google.com/jdr-pquo-vza>)
  * Or from the TDS Google Calendar

@all


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-19T12:38:57.835Z)

## Just to be clear the special Session is tonight Wed, 19th March at 9pm.


---
### Vinil (2025-03-19T16:03:38.515Z)

my small piece of code to evaluate the GA number parsing, it may be useful for
some

    
    
    import httpx, os
    import json
    import logging
    import random
    
    async def run(task: str):
        async with httpx.AsyncClient(timeout=30) as client:
            logging.warning(f"üü° Running task: {task.strip()}")
            data = {
                    "question": task
                }
            files = {}
            response = await client.post("http://localhost:8000/api/parse", data=data, files=files)
            try:
                response_text = response.json()
            except json.JSONDecodeError:
                response_text = response.text
            if response.status_code < 400:
                logging.info(f"üü¢ HTTP {response.status_code} {response_text}")
            else:
                logging.error(f"üî¥ HTTP {response.status_code} {response_text}")
            return response.status_code, response_text
        
    async def evaluate(use_case: str):
        # file exists under test_data directory
        file_path = f"test_data/{use_case}.txt"
        if os.path.exists(file_path):
            with open(file_path, "r") as file:
                task = file.read()
            status_code, response_text = await run(task)
            if status_code != 200:
                return False
            
            # check the returned json matches the use case
            if "GA_No" in response_text and response_text["GA_No"] == use_case:
                return True
            else:
                return False
        else:
            #print("File does not exist.")
            return False
        
    
    async def main():
        use_cases = [
            "GA1.1", "GA1.2", "GA1.3", "GA1.4", "GA1.5", "GA1.6", "GA1.7", "GA1.8", "GA1.9", "GA1.10", "GA1.11", "GA1.12", "GA1.13", "GA1.14", "GA1.15", "GA1.16", "GA1.17", "GA1.18",
            "GA2.1", "GA2.2", "GA2.3", "GA2.4", "GA2.5", "GA2.6", "GA2.7", "GA2.8", "GA2.9", "GA2.10",
            "GA3.1", "GA3.2", "GA3.3", "GA3.4", "GA3.5", "GA3.6", "GA3.7", "GA3.8", "GA3.9",
            "GA4.1", "GA4.2", "GA4.3", "GA4.4", "GA4.5", "GA4.6", "GA4.7", "GA4.8", "GA4.9", "GA4.10",
            "GA5.1", "GA5.2", "GA5.3", "GA5.4", "GA5.5", "GA5.6", "GA5.7", "GA5.8", "GA5.9", "GA5.10"
        ]
        use_cases = random.sample(use_cases, 5)
        a_score, a_total = 0, 0
        for use_case in use_cases:
            a_total += 1
            try:
                success = await evaluate(use_case)
            except Exception as e:
                logging.error(f"üî¥ {use_case} failed: {e}")
                success = False
            if success:
                logging.info(f"‚úÖ {use_case} PASSED")
            else:
                logging.error(f"‚ùå {use_case} FAILED")
            a_score += 1 if success else 0
            
        logging.info(f"üéØ Parsed: {a_score} / {a_total}")
        
    
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        import asyncio
        import argparse
    
        parser = argparse.ArgumentParser(description="Evaluate GA No with configurable logging")
        levels = ["DEBUG", "INFO", "WARNING", "ERROR", "CRITICAL"]
        parser.add_argument("--log-level", default="INFO", choices=levels, help="Set logging level")
        args = parser.parse_args()
        logging.basicConfig(level=args.log_level, format="%(message)s\n")
        
        asyncio.run(main())
    
    


---
### B R GIRI SUBRAHMANYA (2025-03-19T17:19:02.112Z)

Hi TAs,

I attended the meet which happened today. But I don‚Äôt clearly get one thing.

Most of the questions have a **question text** and a **file:
csv,zip,json,etc**

My doubt is, will the request to the end point be :

    
    
    curl -X POST "https://your-app.vercel.app/api/" \
      -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
      -F "question=question text" \
      -F "file=https://stats.espncricinfo.com/stats/engine/stats/index.html?class=2;template=results;type=batting"
    

> my doubt :  
>  Is this the only format or can there be other too ?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-19T23:16:56.670Z)

Hi [@23f2000573](/u/23f2000573)

Yes this is correct format for the question, It will have 2 fields question
and file.

You can send a file from local machine like this `-F "file=@abcd.zip"` so here
`abcd.zip` must be in current working directory.

Kind regards


---
### B R GIRI SUBRAHMANYA (2025-03-20T05:37:01.038Z)

Fine sir, this is clear. I have a few doubts in the file formats. When free,
kindly address these to. I will try to cover most common doubts, so that you
wouldn‚Äôt need to answer similar doubts again. Sorry if some of the doubts are
basic / written incorrectly.

## FILES

The data file sent to the api will always be in the **requester‚Äôs** local
machine. When the api server receives the request, the file will be in binary
format?

Or

Sometimes the api server receives the file in byte and some times, it will
recieve a link like this : <https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/shapes.png>

This link was take from GA2 Question 2

## HTML AND TABLE

Some questions have `html` and `tables`. In this case will these two be in a
file encoded in binary, or will it be a string.

Example for string. Consider the table

Col 1 | Col 2  
---|---  
Row 1, Col1 | Row 1 Col 2  
Row 2, Col 1 | Row 2 Col 2  
  
Will this be something like this

    
    
    "|Col 1| Col 2|\n|-|-|\n|Row 1, Col1 | Row 1 Col 2|\n|Row 2, Col 1|Row 2 Col 2|"
    

or something like

    
    
    "<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>Col 1</th>\n<th>Col 2</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Row 1, Col1</td>\n<td>Row 1 Col 2</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Row 2, Col 1</td>\n<td>Row 2 Col 2</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>
    "
    

## HIDDEN BLOCK AND ANSWER : 2 TASKS

In one question, there were two tasks.

  * Find the answer to the question
  * Enable the `disabled` text block

In this question, what will the answer type be?

Should it just be the answer or should it be the html string which will have
the disabled block enabled and also the answer string sitting inside the block

## MORE THAN ONE FILE

Some questions have more than one file. For example, the last question of GA5,
it has a png file in this link <https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/jigsaw.webp>
and a table.

In this case, how will the curl request be? Is it some thing like this

    
    
    curl -X POST "https://your-app.vercel.app/api/" \
      -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
      -F "question=question text" \
      -F "file= Image file" \
      -F "file= table file/ string" 
    

## CORS HEADERS

Will the CORS headers asked in the question be the same or can it be
different?


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-03-20T09:51:16.458Z)

Hi,  
In GA 2, q5, this is the code i got in the question.

    
    
    import numpy as np
    from PIL import Image
    from google.colab import files
    import colorsys
    
    # There is a mistake in the line below. Fix it
    image = Image.open(list(files.upload().keys)[0])
    
    rgb = np.array(image) / 255.0
    lightness = np.apply_along_axis(lambda x: colorsys.rgb_to_hls(*x)[1], 2, rgb)
    light_pixels = np.sum(lightness > 0.554)
    print(f'Number of pixels with lightness > 0.554: {light_pixels}')
    

Is this the code for others as well?  
Thanks


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-20T10:35:12.495Z)

So I was thinking to create the project 2 together and I was looking for
collaboration, and for that we would require the following:

‚Üí the set of question-answers pairs at first  
‚Üí All the questions of 2 distinct students to see which parameters changes in
each questions  
‚Üí Make the solution functional and parameterised based on previous step.

Till now I have created the following:

‚Üí Identification of the question, using embeddings  
‚Üí extraction of parameters using llm for that particular question  
‚Üí Implementation of 3 questions using this approach

If we come together, we all can reduce the workload and complete it on time.

*Those who resonate with my approach or have any different approach feel free to leave a DM. I might not respond immediately as I might not be online all the time :slight_smile:


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-20T10:43:34.757Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: * **Content:**
The image contains a single letter "G" in white color, centered on a purple
square background. * **Letter:** The letter "G" is stylized, appears to be
bold, and has a rounded, simple design. * **Background:** The background is a
solid purple color, possibly a light or medium shade of purple. It provides
contrast to the white letter. * **Overall impression:** The image is clean and
simple, focusing attention solely on the letter "G" against the contrasting
purple background.] 23f2000573:

> The data file sent to the api will always be in the **requester‚Äôs** local
> machine. When the api server receives the request, the file will be in
> binary format?
>
> Or
>
> Sometimes the api server receives the file in byte and some times, it will
> recieve a link like this : <https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/shapes.png>

file format will be exactly same as corresponding GA.

[Image description: Certainly! Let's analyze the image you sent. **Image
Description:** The image features a single letter "G" in white, presented
against a purple background. The letter is clear and centered within the
image. **Key Elements:** * **Letter "G":** The most prominent element is the
white letter "G". The font style appears simple and legible. * **Purple
Background:** The background is a solid shade of purple, providing a contrast
to the white letter. **Possible Interpretations/Uses:** * **Identification:**
The image might be a simple identifier or placeholder representing the letter
"G." * **Graphic Design:** It could be used in graphic design or branding
where the letter "G" is relevant. * **Placeholder Icon:** It could serve as a
simple icon or avatar initial. * **Educational:** It could be used in
educational material relating to the alphabet. If you have specific questions
about the image, feel free to ask, and I'll do my best to answer them based on
the visual information provided! ] 23f2000573:

>
>     "<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>Col 1</th>\n<th>Col
> 2</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Row 1, Col1</td>\n<td>Row 1 Col
> 2</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Row 2, Col 1</td>\n<td>Row 2 Col
> 2</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>
>  

This is correct html table format.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** *
The image shows the capital letter "G". * The letter "G" is white or very
light gray in color. * The background is a solid color, a shade of purple that
leans towards lavender or a muted violet. * The letter "G" is centered in the
image and takes up a significant portion of the frame. It has a clean, sans-
serif font style.] 23f2000573:

> Should it just be the answer or should it be the html string which will have
> the disabled block enabled and also the answer string sitting inside the
> block

It will be just answer.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** *
The image prominently features the uppercase letter "G". * The letter "G" is
white. * The background is a solid, medium shade of purple. * The "G" is
centered within the purple square.] 23f2000573:

> Some questions have more than one file. For example, the last question of
> GA5, it has a png file in this link
> <https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/jigsaw.webp> and a table.
>
> In this case, how will the curl request be? Is it some thing like this
>  
>  
>     curl -X POST "https://your-app.vercel.app/api/" \
>       -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
>       -F "question=question text" \
>       -F "file= Image file" \
>       -F "file= table file/ string"
>  

In last question of GA5 there is only one file(image), table is not coming
through file, it will be kept same for project2.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image is a simple graphic featuring the letter "G" in white, centered on a
purple square or rectangle. **Key Features:** * **Letter:** The letter "G" is
the prominent element. Its font appears to be a basic sans-serif style. The
white color makes it stand out against the background. * **Color:** The
background is a solid shade of purple. * **Shape:** The background is likely a
square or a rectangle, possibly serving as a button or icon design.
**Potential Interpretations and Uses:** This image is likely a placeholder, an
icon, or a simple graphic used to represent something starting with the letter
"G," or simply the letter "G" itself. It could be part of a set of alphabet
icons or used in a logo or branding context.] 23f2000573:

> Will the CORS headers asked in the question be the same or can it be
> different?

I didn‚Äôt get this question, could you point to exact question?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-20T10:44:44.356Z)

Hi [@22f3001307](/u/22f3001307)

yes it‚Äôs same code.


---
### B R GIRI SUBRAHMANYA (2025-03-20T11:33:12.898Z)

Sir, a few things are not yet clear .

[Image could not be described] Jivraj:

> file format will be exactly same as corresponding GA.

Some questions have **clickable html buttons**. When we click that, the
zipfile or json file, or csv gets downloaded

Some questions have **image attached to the text**. For this, we have to use
**right click ‚Üí download the image**. Here, the image is take from some url.
For example. in GA2, q2, the image displayed is taken from
<https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/shapes.png>.

My doubt is, what will be the value of file attribute in curl command

Will it be

  * ‚Äúfile=binary of zipfile/csv/json‚Äù for the first type and
  * ‚Äúfile=<https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/shapes.png>‚Äù for the second type

[Image could not be described] Jivraj:

> This is correct html table format.

Will this table be in the ‚Äúquestion‚Äù attribute of curl or ‚Äúfile‚Äù attribute

[Image could not be described] Jivraj:

> In last question of GA5 there is only one file(image), table is not coming
> through file, it will be kept same for project2.

so, can I assume that the table will be given as a html element in the
‚Äúquestion‚Äù attribute and the image in the ‚Äúfile‚Äù attribute?


---
### Jayaram (2025-03-20T13:02:51.786Z)

Sir  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) was yesterday (March 19) 's google meet recorded and  
available for replay..


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-03-20T17:00:12.516Z)

[@22f3002723](/u/22f3002723)

[ [Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a screenshot from a video call, likely a
Google Meet session. It shows a man from the chest up against a white wall
with an electrical outlet and some faint markings or smudges. **Details:** *
**Person:** The focal point is the man. He has gray hair, dark eyes, and
appears to be wearing a headset or microphone that wraps around his mouth. He
wears a grey shirt. * **Background:** The background is a plain white wall. *
**Electrical Outlet:** A white electrical outlet is visible on the left side
of the screen with a wire plugged into it. * **Google Meet Interface:** A
"Google Meet" badge is displayed in the upper right corner of the screen, and
the person's name "Anand S" is displayed on the lower left. * **Wall
Markings:** There is some vague, out-of-focus smudges or markings on the wall
to the right of the man's head. * **Lighting:** The lighting appears to be
somewhat harsh. **Text:** * "Google Meet" (on the badge) * "Anand S" (name on
the bottom left) This image provides information about a person named Anand S
participating in a Google Meet session from a room with a simple white wall
and an electrical outlet.] ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RToHBe6yB_4)


---
### Jayaram (2025-03-20T17:36:18.078Z)

thanks a lot [@23f1001231](/u/23f1001231)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-20T19:01:21.967Z)

Hi [@23f2000573](/u/23f2000573)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** *
The image depicts the letter "G" in white, set against a solid purple
background. The letter is centered within the frame. **Features:** * **Text:**
The text element is the letter "G". * **Color:** The letter is white,
contrasting with the purple background. * **Shape:** The letter "G" is a
standard, sans-serif typeface. * **Background:** The background is a uniform
shade of purple.] 23f2000573:

> Will it be
>
>   * ‚Äúfile=binary of zipfile/csv/json‚Äù for the first type and
>   *
> ‚Äúfile=[https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/shapes.png‚Äù](https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/shapes.png%E2%80%9D)
> for the second type
>

Files will be exactly same as GA assignment, if there is url then it will be a
url and if it get‚Äôs downloaded by clicking then it will come from requester‚Äôs
machine.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image consists of a single capital letter "G" in white, centered on a
solid purple background. The font appears to be fairly simple and sans-serif.
The purple background is uniform in color and provides a strong contrast with
the white letter. **Key Features:** * **Letter "G":** The primary element of
the image. * **Color Palette:** A simple two-color scheme of white on purple.
* **Composition:** Centered letter and a solid background. * **Font:** Sans-
serif style for the letter G. **Possible Information:** This image could be a
logo, icon, or simply a visual representation of the letter "G". Without
additional context, it's difficult to determine its specific purpose or
meaning beyond that.] 23f2000573:

> so, can I assume that the table will be given as a html element in the
> ‚Äúquestion‚Äù attribute and the image in the ‚Äúfile‚Äù attribute?

For questions that have table they will either come as html code or as
markdown. Keep a if else condition for identifying which case it is, if it‚Äôs a
html then beautiful soup should be able to find table tag, if it‚Äôs markdown
table then it can be identified with `|` characters.

Kind regards


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-21T10:53:11.806Z)

For GA 1, question 2  

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-03-21 at 4.17.09 PM960√ó336 28.9
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/1/f1de22987816c7573909f6afd79942cfc41e06b6.png
"Screenshot 2025-03-21 at 4.17.09 PM")

  
The portal accept answers in strict json with double quotes. Now in the
project we need to return the answer in string value which again has double
quotes, so the best answer I could get is using `\"` inside the answer like
this.

[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Impression:** The image displays a snippet of code or data, likely in a JSON
format, within a code editor environment (indicated by the dark background and
syntax highlighting). **Key Textual Elements:** * `"answer":` This suggests
the data shown is a response or result of some process. * `"args":` Indicates
arguments or parameters passed to a function/API. * `"email":
"21f2000709@ds.study.iitm.ac.in"`: An email address, likely an input or
relevant piece of data. The domain `ds.study.iitm.ac.in` suggests an
association with the Indian Institute of Technology Madras (IITM). *
`"headers":`: Refers to HTTP headers. * `"Accept": "*/*"`: An HTTP header
indicating that the client accepts any content type. * `"Accept-Encoding":
"gzip, deflate"`: An HTTP header specifying the accepted content encoding
formats. * `"Host"`: A reference to the "Host" header. * `"httbin org"`:
Appears to be the beginning of a URL ("httpbin.org"). **In summary:** The
image presents a JSON-formatted response containing an email address as input
and some HTTP headers, potentially from a request to the "httpbin.org"
website. ]

But still the GA portal marks it as invalid json. What to do in this case?  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-21T11:47:50.520Z)

Hi [@21f2000709](/u/21f2000709)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a Python interpreter or
IDE, showing a series of commands and their outputs. It focuses on the use of
the `json` library to load a string as a JSON object and then access its
elements. **Line-by-Line Breakdown:** * **`In [28]: jobj`** This is a command
to display the contents of the variable `jobj`. * **`Out [28]:
"{'name':'jivraj'}"`** The output indicates that `jobj` initially contains a
string that looks like a JSON object, but with single quotes instead of double
quotes. This means it is not a valid JSON object, but rather a string. * **`In
[29]: jobj = '{"name":"jivraj"}'`** This line assigns a new value to the
variable `jobj`. This time, the string is a valid JSON object, using double
quotes for keys and values. * **`In [30]: jobj`** This line is the same as
line 28, displaying the contents of `jobj`. * **`Out [30]:
'{"name":"jivraj"}'`** The output confirms that `jobj` now contains the valid
JSON-like string '{"name":"jivraj"}'. * **`In [31]: json.loads(jobj)`** This
command attempts to parse the string stored in `jobj` into a Python dictionary
(JSON object) using `json.loads()`. * **`Out [31]: {'name': 'jivraj'}`** The
output shows that the `json.loads()` function successfully parsed the string,
and it is now a Python dictionary. * **`In [32]: json.loads(jobj)['name']`**
This command does the same parsing as in the previous line. It then accesses
the value associated with the key 'name' in the resulting dictionary. * **`Out
[32]: 'jivraj'`** The output shows that the value associated with the 'name'
key is 'jivraj'. * **`In [33]: type(jobj)`** This command checks the data type
of the `jobj` variable. * **`Out [33]: str`** The output confirms that `jobj`
is a string (str). * **`In [34]: |`** This is a new line, ready for the next
command. **Key Observations:** * The code demonstrates the difference between
a string that *looks* like a JSON object and a true JSON object (Python
dictionary). * The `json.loads()` function is used to convert a JSON-formatted
string into a Python dictionary. * The code shows how to access elements
within a JSON object using bracket notation (e.g.,
`json.loads(jobj)['name']`). * The `type()` function is used to determine the
data type of a variable. ]image654√ó681 13.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/d/5d610546e4f8f7e91c5c7ceba7fdcc89f9cfcdda.png
"image")

This works, just send a string which can be loaded as json object.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-21T11:59:22.000Z)

The correct answer has to be with the escape sequence otherwise you cannot
send a valid response back.  
We never feed your response to the GA by copy pasting.

[[Image description: The image shows a Python code snippet and its output. The
code defines a dictionary `response` with a key "answer". The value of
"answer" is a string containing a JSON-like structure with the challenge. The
`json` module is imported, and the `response` dictionary is converted into a
JSON string using `json.dumps` with an indent of 2 for readability. This JSON
string is stored in the `send_response` variable and printed to the console.
The output of the `print(send_response)` statement is a JSON string that
represents the `response` dictionary. Next, the code attempts to parse the
JSON string stored in `send_response` using `json.loads`. It then accesses the
"answer" key of the parsed JSON object. The value associated with "answer"
(which is itself a JSON-like string) is assigned to the variable
`tds_evaluator` and printed. The output of `print(tds_evaluator)` shows that
it contains the string "{ \"args\":{\"challenge\": \"How can TDS ever hope to
solve this problem?\" } }". Finally, the code prints the string "OH MY
GOODNESS! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT! THIS IS AMAZING!". This is printed to the
console. ]Screenshot 2025-03-21 at 5.28.12 pm.png1744√ó1084 147
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/c/5cc9384c7c9a7317ba4bd28ed1ec89a0c3d85a8b.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-03-21 at 5.28.12 pm.png")


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-21T13:39:50.981Z)

So the questions expecting JSON will be jsonified separately before passing to
the evaluator because in the current implementation in the text field idk why
it is failing to load the json with `\"` however I could load the exact thing
using json.loads in python.


---
### Shashannk (2025-03-21T16:04:43.778Z)

hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) !  
could you please provide us with the correct answers for all the 57 GA
questions, so that it would be really helpful for us to cross check if our app
is returning the correct answer for each question. please consider sharing the
correct answers for all the questions as they are not available in the seek
portal as well


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-21T18:28:03.652Z)

Hi [@23f2003413](/u/23f2003413)

We won‚Äôt be sending codes for any of the questions, regarding validation part
you can submit answer to portal and if that works.

All first 5 GA‚Äôs were conducted on anand sir‚Äôs proxy server portal, so just
enable check answers button and you can test answers.


---
### Shashannk (2025-03-22T06:03:49.573Z)

can u please let me know on how to enable the check answers button? and which
proxy server portal are you talking about. please help me out!


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-22T07:15:12.595Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Structure:** * The image appears to be a screenshot from a mobile device. It
shows a question or instruction prompt, likely from an online assignment or
tutorial. **Key Elements:** 1\. **Title/Header:** * "TDS 2025 Ja..." suggests
it's related to a specific course or project (TDS 2025) with a date component.
* "anand.workers.dev" This is a domain name, possibly indicating the source of
the content. 2\. **Instructions/Question:** * The main body of the image
contains instructions related to GitHub Pages. * **GitHub Pages Task:** The
user is instructed to publish a page on GitHub Pages that showcases their
work. * **Email Address:** The user's email address
(22f3000819@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) must be included in the HTML of the page. *
**Email Obfuscation:** Due to CloudFlare's email obfuscation on GitHub Pages,
the email address should be wrapped inside the following HTML comment: `<!--
email_off-->22f3000819@ds.study.i` * **Question about GitHub Pages URL:** The
user is asked "What is the GitHub Pages URL?". A placeholder example is
provided: `https://[USER].github.io/[REPO]/` where `[USER]` represents the
GitHub username and `[REPO]` represents the repository name. * **Cache
Busting:** If recent changes aren't showing up, the instruction suggests
adding `?v=1` or `?v=2` to the URL to force a cache refresh. 3\. **Check
Button:** * A button labeled "Check" indicates a submission point or a way to
verify the answer. 4\. **Bottom Bar:** * At the bottom, there's a notification
or tip: "Use Google Colab (0.5 marks)", suggesting the task may involve or
allow the use of Google Colaboratory. **In essence, the image is about a task
that involves creating a GitHub Pages website, including a specific email
address (with an obfuscation technique), and then understanding how to access
the website URL and refresh the cache if needed.** ]10001450151080√ó2340 234
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/e/dee308ff617e2f17b593328342da848d8d347ce8.jpeg
"1000145015")

  
For questions like this (there‚Äôs a similar one in GA1 too, will the user send
the USER and REPO of their GitHub account as parameters too?  
Even if they do, my script may not get necessary authentication to create repo
and make commit in their repository. In this case, would I have to implement
GitHub OAuth flow?  
If they don‚Äôt send those details but just the email and I am expected to just
change the email in my own repo and commit, in the worst case making the same
change repeatedly may be misconstrued as a DDoS attack by an automated script
which may lead to my GitHub account being suspended, which does not seem
ideal.  
Can you please at least hint at a solution?

Edit: Same query for the GitHub actions question (GA2 Q7)

Another edit: A similar query for GA2 Q8. Repeated dockerimage pushes to
Dockerhub with different tags.


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-22T07:20:54.446Z)

Use the following script to enable answer boxes and check answers buttons:

    
    
    inputs = document.querySelectorAll('input')
    textboxes = document.querySelectorAll("textarea")
    buttons  = document.querySelectorAll("button")
    inputs.forEach(input => input.removeAttribute('disabled'));
    buttons.forEach(input => input.removeAttribute('disabled'));
    textboxes.forEach(input => input.removeAttribute('disabled'));
    

This was provided with the Mock ROE2 mail.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-22T11:18:51.369Z)

For GA-1 question 10,  
we need to get the hash of the json, from the site [JSON Hash](https://tools-
in-data-science.pages.dev/jsonhash),  
I found that underneath it using sha-256 in a function inside the encrypt.js
file but still when I implemented the same in python, it is giving a different
hash. Can we get the hashing code in python?

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

Update:

  * I was successful in getting the hash in js.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-22T13:04:21.455Z)

You won‚Äôt be required to update someone else‚Äôs repo.  
Any github name, repo name is fine.  
Just that it should have github pages with that particular email address.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** *
The image contains a single letter "S". * The letter is written in a sans-
serif font. * The color of the letter is a light, slightly muted blue. It has
a very slight glow or blurring effect around it, giving it a soft appearance.
* The background is a solid, vibrant medium blue color. * The letter is
centered in the frame. **Potential Use:** This image likely represents: * A
logo or part of a logo. * A symbol or icon used in a digital interface. * A
visual representation of the letter "S" used for educational purposes or
branding. Without additional context, it's difficult to be more specific about
the image's purpose.] 22f3000819:

> Same query for the GitHub actions question (GA2 Q7)

Same for GA2 Quetion7 as well, you github url is required.

[Image could not be described] 22f3000819:

> If they don‚Äôt send those details but just the email and I am expected to
> just change the email in my own repo and commit, in the worst case making
> the same change repeatedly may be misconstrued as a DDoS attack by an
> automated script which may lead to my GitHub account being suspended, which
> does not seem ideal.  
>  Can you please at least hint at a solution?

In evaluation we will only send request one worst case twice or thrice if it
fails from our end, so no issues with that.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-22T13:05:20.493Z)

[Image could not be described] 21f2000709:

> I was successful in getting the hash in js.

I was thinking of same solution it would definetly work in js.


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-22T18:44:15.868Z)

Okay. Thank you sir. I‚Äôll just do this after the rest for now.

Another question .. In GA1 Q6, will the hidden element be sent as an html file
or will the tag be included in the question parameter?


---
### Manmeet Kaur (2025-03-23T06:29:35.682Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) and [@jivraj](/u/jivraj),

Hello.. I am facing issue with zip file extraction function which is in many
GA1 questions. e.g., for GA1 Q15, if I use 7-zip to extract files, it shows
the correct total size when using Postman for local server. If I use python
built-in function, it calculates a different value (which is incorrect). So, I
used 7-zip. But I (with help from copilot agent) am not able to make 7-zip
work on the vercel deployment. Can we just hard code the answers to GA1
questions, or is there a way to take answer from local server and use it for
response in vercel (sorry, it doesn‚Äôt even make sense to me, but a lot of
things are hard to understand anyway)? Or how do we resolve this 7-zip issue.
Python built-in extraction did not work correctly even after hours of trying..

I have another question. Due to lack of time, if I just submit the Project 2,
with question/answers to GA1, (and if these all work as expected on vercel),
how much approx score can we get if I am not able to do other GAs at all for
Project 2. Edit after posting: I can hard code questions and other answers
from GA2 upto GA4 (I missed GA5, so don‚Äôt have those answers). Thank you.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-23T06:48:43.066Z)

I too want to know like by 5 questions at random, is it 1 random question per
GA or 5 random questions from the entire 5 GAs?

In the later case, there would be no certainty unless all of our questions
works and there aren‚Äôt any unexpected surprises at the evaluation.


---
### Veer Shah (2025-03-23T10:56:47.658Z)

in the GA 4 question 5 ( Find the bounding box of a city ) Will the OSM_id
ending digits be provided. In the question body they are not there but on
submission they come like in the attached screenshot.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image presents a block of text, seemingly from a web
page or document. It appears to be related to a technology or service called
"UrbanRide". The text discusses the "Impact" of automating the extraction and
processing of bounding box data. Below this explanation, there's a question
related to the geographical coordinates of the city Tianjin in China using the
Nominatim API. Finally, there's a form field for an answer and an error
message. **Text Content:** * **Heading:** "Impact" * **Introductory Text:**
"By automating the extraction and processing of bounding box data, UrbanRide
can:" * **Bullet Points:** * "Optimize Routing: Enhance route planning
algorithms with precise geographical boundaries, reducing delivery times and
operational costs." * "Improve Fleet Allocation: Allocate vehicles more
effectively across defined service zones based on accurate city extents." *
"Enhance Market Analysis: Gain deeper insights into regional performance,
enabling targeted marketing and service improvements." * "Scale Operations:
Seamlessly integrate new cities into their service network with minimal manual
intervention, ensuring consistent data quality." * **Question:** "What is the
minimum latitude of the bounding box of the city Tianjin in the country China
on the Nominatim API? Value of the minimum latitude" * **Input Field:** The
input field contains the text "38.566". * **Error Message:** "Error: Incorrect
latitude. Check OSM ID ending with 2077" **Visual Elements:** * The text is
presented in a clean, readable font. * There is a red box around the input
field, which indicates an error or invalid entry. **Inferences:** * The image
is likely from an interactive application or website where users are prompted
to provide information, and the input is being validated. * The error message
implies that the correct answer for the minimum latitude of Tianjin according
to the Nominatim API and a specific OpenStreetMap ID (ending in 2077) is not
"38.566". * The context suggests that "UrbanRide" is a company or service that
leverages geographical data, particularly bounding boxes, for optimization
purposes in areas like routing, fleet management, market analysis, and
scalability.]image1614√ó372 45 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/9/59f1eb70b4565e3351a8d635cea509dfef700721.png
"image")


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-03-23T15:34:38.943Z)

[github.com](https://github.com/Tusharisme/TDS_Project_2)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall:**
The image appears to be a screenshot of a GitHub repository page. It shows the
repository name, statistics, and some other basic information. **Text:** *
**Tusharisme/TDS\\_Project\\_2:** This is the name of the GitHub repository.
It indicates that "Tusharisme" is the username or organization, and
"TDS\\_Project\\_2" is the specific repository name. * **1 Contributor:**
Indicates that one person has contributed to this repository. * **0 Issues:**
Indicates that there are no open issues reported for this repository. * **0
Stars:** Indicates that no one has starred the repository on GitHub. * **0
Forks:** Indicates that no one has forked the repository. **Objects and
Features:** * **Logo:** There's a blue and white geometric logo or avatar to
the right of the repository name. It's a pixelated image that appears to be a
stylized "W". * **Icons:** There are small icons preceding the "Contributor,"
"Issues," "Stars," and "Forks" labels. These are standard GitHub icons: a
person silhouette (contributor), a speech bubble (issues), a star (stars), and
forking arrows (forks). * **GitHub Icon:** At the bottom right, there's the
standard GitHub logo (the Octocat) **In summary, the image shows a GitHub
repository with minimal activity (no issues, stars, or forks) and only one
contributor.**]

### [GitHub -
Tusharisme/TDS_Project_2](https://github.com/Tusharisme/TDS_Project_2)

Contribute to Tusharisme/TDS_Project_2 development by creating an account on
GitHub.

This is my project github repo link.I just wanted your guys suggestion with
this‚Ä¶like am I going correct

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-24T05:20:21.573Z)

I faced the same issue. Initially, I used `geopy.geocoders` to solve the
question, and it provided the correct answer during the assignment submission.
However, the same approach is now giving an incorrect result.

Instead of using `geopy`, try using this URL directly:
<https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org/search> .  
This worked for me.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-24T06:45:58.639Z)

  1. I have a doubt like when I pass answers in string and in the questions about markdown will the \n characters be properly parsed before checking the correctness of the markdown or will it be directly checked for valid markdown? Because the raw string when pasted in the text box of the GA isn‚Äôt getting the markdown.

  2. In case of image compression question, should I return the base64 encoding of the compressed image?  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-24T06:59:02.989Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
**Respected TDS Team,**

I currently have Three doubts regarding **Project 2** :

  1. As per the 19th March session, it was mentioned that the files would be the same for everyone, and only the parameters in the questions would vary. However, I have noticed that the files can actually be different. To support this, I‚Äôm attaching screenshots of the CSV files for GA5 Q1‚Äîone is mine, and the other belongs to a batchmate.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image is a table or spreadsheet with data organized
into rows and columns. Each row represents a transaction, and each column
represents a specific attribute of that transaction. **Columns and their
Data:** * **TransactionID:** A unique identifier for each transaction (e.g.,
0001, 0002, 0003, etc.). These are likely numerical values. * **Customer
Name:** The name of the customer associated with the transaction (e.g., John
Doe, Frank Thomas, Bob Brown, Charlie Davis, Alice Johnson, Eve Wilson). *
**Country:** The country where the customer is located or where the
transaction took place (e.g., France, United States, FRA, IND, United Arab
Emirates, US, AE, United Kingdom, FR, FRA, UAE). Notice that some countries
are abbreviated (FRA, IND, US, AE, U.A.E, FR, FRA, UAE). * **Date:** The date
of the transaction (e.g., 10-13-2023, 2022/10/14, 09-06-2023, 01-27-2022,
09-26-2022, 2022/05/25, 2023/09/20, 2022/09/06, 01-11-2022, 2022/07/13,
03-30-2022, 01-16-2022, 08-10-2022, 05-29-2023). The date format seems
inconsistent (some are MM-DD-YYYY, some are YYYY/MM/DD). * **Product/Code:**
The product sold in the transaction, potentially with a unique code (e.g.,
Eta/fzflrq, Alpha/f2yscp, Theta/xvwf8u, Zeta/4rk2rx, Theta/0ylj7e,
Kappa/bquhwf, Iota/0t6cym, Gamma/mb4cm9, Iota/vhfsw5, Kappa/yyzmfh,
Alpha/ixogpm, Beta/py2nmk, Epsilon/vl58sf, Zeta/dljl2j). * **Sales:** The
sales amount of the transaction (e.g., 2021 USD, 6855 USD, 5644 USD, 9273 USD,
5699 USD, 7897 USD, 8680 USD, 8501 USD, 7582 USD, 630 USD, 2199 USD, 1479 USD,
1076 USD, 1534 USD). The values are followed by "USD", indicating US Dollars.
* **Cost:** The cost associated with the transaction (e.g., 1973 USD, 4866
USD, 3504 USD, 1235 USD, 1847 USD, 3424 USD, 4820 USD, 4491 USD, 557 USD, 1104
USD, 489 USD, 2928 USD, 4803 USD). The values are followed by "USD",
indicating US Dollars. **Data Patterns and Observations:** * Several customers
appear multiple times in the dataset (Bob Brown, Charlie Davis, John Doe,
Frank Thomas, Eve Wilson). * The "Country" column has some inconsistencies in
the use of abbreviations. * The "Date" column has some inconsistencies in date
formats. * All transactions are recorded in USD. In summary, the image shows a
transactional dataset containing information about customers, their locations,
transaction dates, product details, sales amounts, and costs. The data appears
to be intended for analysis of sales performance or customer behavior.
]mydata939√ó401 18.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/d/bd0793de2034d6990e337f71cda4447d55e863bb.png
"mydata")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on the key elements: **Overall Image Description:** The image shows a
table containing transaction data. The table has several columns, each
representing a different attribute of a transaction. **Table Columns and
Data:** * **TransactionID:** A unique identifier for each transaction (e.g.,
0001, 0002, ... 0017). * **Customer Name:** The name of the customer involved
in the transaction (e.g., Frank Thomas, Eve Wilson, Jane Smith, John Doe,
etc.). * **Country:** The country associated with the customer (e.g., IND, US,
United Kingdom, Fra, AE, U.S.A, etc.). Abbreviations are used for countries. *
**Date:** The date of the transaction (e.g., 12-01-2022, 08-10-2023,
2022/09/04, etc.). Date formats appear to vary slightly. * **Product/Code:**
The product code or name associated with the transaction (e.g., Delta/tbakf3,
Alpha/hknae9, Theta/mjrd4g, etc.). These appear to be alphanumeric codes. *
**Sales:** The sales amount for the transaction, indicated in USD (e.g., 7164
USD, 2457 USD, 3924 USD, etc.). * **Cost:** The cost associated with the
transaction, also indicated in USD (e.g., 2062 USD, 3439 USD, 4544 USD, etc.).
**Key Features and Observations:** * The data appears to be well-structured in
a tabular format. * Country names use abbreviations. * Date formats vary
(e.g., 12-01-2022 vs. 2022/09/04). * The Sales and Cost columns include "USD"
to indicate the currency. * There are multiple transactions for the same
customer (e.g., John Doe, Alice Johnson, Charlie Davis). * The data spans
multiple countries. * There are various product codes. In summary, the image
is a table representing transaction data with information about customers,
countries, dates, products, sales, and costs. ]friend data938√ó465 20.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/c/1c9058197b1b9e480dec30b06a4e9cca190a1a9e.png
"friend data")

  
During the session, it was said that uploading files would take time, and the
suggested solution was to pre-download the files on the server since they are
supposed to be the same. But since the files are not identical for all
students, this issue needs to be addressed.

  2. In **GA4 Q2** , my task is to retrieve movie information from IMDb for all films with a rating between 3 and 5. I am scraping the correct movie names(for example 6th movie in given image), but the portal is accepting them differently. All movie names are provided in English, but the portal seems to be accepting some titles in other languages‚ÄîSpanish, Dutch, I believe.  

[[Image could not be described]image1674√ó420 24.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/5/c5552e1d6f050b500b4947ddd67164847d970233.png
"image")

  

[[Image could not be described]image1118√ó358 63.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/7/c76a947af3edc25ba9b8be18865ae2879d31a353.png
"image")

  
Please check the issue in the images provided. How to handle this question.

  3. In **GA4 Q10** , very few students were able to solve the question using LLMs or Python during the assignment. Most of us ended up solving it manually. At that time, [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir had mentioned that the question would be revised.  
Here is the [thread
link](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/ga4-data-sourcing-
discussion-thread-tds-jan-2025/165959/106) for reference.  
How should we handle this question now?

Thankyou


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-03-24T15:44:47.263Z)


    // GA1 question 9:
        //     curl -X POST "http://localhost:8000/api/" -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" -F "question=Sort this JSON array of objects by the value of the age field. In case of a tie, sort by the name field. Paste the resulting JSON below without any spaces or newlines. 
        // [{\"name\":\"Alice\",\"age\":92},{\"name\":\"Bob\",\"age\":28},{\"name\":\"Charlie\",\"age\":16},{\"name\":\"David\",\"age\":56},{\"name\":\"Emma\",\"age\":70},{\"name\":\"Frank\",\"age\":67},{\"name\":\"Grace\",\"age\":36},{\"name\":\"Henry\",\"age\":94},{\"name\":\"Ivy\",\"age\":44},{\"name\":\"Jack\",\"age\":53},{\"name\":\"Karen\",\"age\":65},{\"name\":\"Liam\",\"age\":23},{\"name\":\"Mary\",\"age\":97},{\"name\":\"Nora\",\"age\":68},{\"name\":\"Oscar\",\"age\":57},{\"name\":\"Paul\",\"age\":88}]"
        {
            "answer": "[{\"name\":\"Charlie\",\"age\":16},{\"name\":\"Liam\",\"age\":23},{\"name\":\"Bob\",\"age\":28},{\"name\":\"Grace\",\"age\":36},{\"name\":\"Ivy\",\"age\":44},{\"name\":\"Jack\",\"age\":53},{\"name\":\"David\",\"age\":56},{\"name\":\"Oscar\",\"age\":57},{\"name\":\"Karen\",\"age\":65},{\"name\":\"Frank\",\"age\":67},{\"name\":\"Nora\",\"age\":68},{\"name\":\"Emma\",\"age\":70},{\"name\":\"Paul\",\"age\":88},{\"name\":\"Alice\",\"age\":92},{\"name\":\"Henry\",\"age\":94},{\"name\":\"Mary\",\"age\":97}]"
        }
    

Is it ok for GA 1 Question 9 answer output to look like this because it
matches with the answer just it has the extra back slash‚Ä¶What should i do

    
    
    def sort_json_array(json_array: str, sort_keys: list) -> str:
        """
        Sort a JSON array based on specified criteria
    
        Args:
            json_array: JSON array as a string
            sort_keys: List of keys to sort by
    
        Returns:
            Sorted JSON array as a string
        """
        try:
            # Parse the JSON array
            data = json.loads(json_array)
    
            # Sort the data based on the specified keys
            for key in reversed(sort_keys):
                data = sorted(data, key=lambda x: x.get(key, ""))
    
            # Return the sorted JSON as a string without whitespace
            return json.dumps(data, separators=(",", ":"))
    
        except Exception as e:
            return f"Error sorting JSON array: {str(e)}"
    
    
    
    {
                "type": "function",
                "function": {
                    "name": "sort_json_array",
                    "description": "Sort a JSON array based on specified criteria",
                    "parameters": {
                        "type": "object",
                        "properties": {
                            "json_array": {
                                "type": "string",
                                "description": "JSON array to sort",
                            },
                            "sort_keys": {
                                "type": "array",
                                "items": {"type": "string"},
                                "description": "List of keys to sort by",
                            },
                        },
                        "required": ["json_array", "sort_keys"],
                    },
                },
            },
    

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
[Image description: Okay, here's a detailed description of the image:
**Content:** The image is a close-up shot of Will Smith. He's wearing what
appears to be a black suit and a white dress shirt. He has a prominent, dark
mustache. The image has a slightly blurred or grainy quality, suggesting it
might be a screenshot or a still taken from a video. **Key Features and
Potential Clues:** * **Will Smith:** Identifying the subject is crucial. *
**Mustache:** The presence of the mustache is significant. It could indicate a
specific era or role he played. * **Suit and Shirt:** Formal attire suggests
an event, scene, or photoshoot where this outfit would be appropriate. *
**Image Quality:** The slightly blurry or grainy quality hints that it might
be a still from an older source or lower-resolution video. **Possible
Interpretations:** Based on the image's features, it's likely that this image
originates from one of Will Smith's movies or shows where he sports a
mustache. If you have specific questions about the image, feel free to ask! ]


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-25T08:44:50.433Z)

Hi [@23f2003751](/u/23f2003751)

### Short Answer: No

### Long Answer:

Backslashes are usually not a problem when converting a string to JSON. But
somehow the evaluation script isn‚Äôt taking this into consideration. Check this
out.  
This is my response  

[[Image description: The image displays the text "Sorted JSON:" followed by a
JSON array within a rounded rectangular box. The JSON array contains four
objects, each with "name" and "age" keys. The first object has "name": "Bob"
and "age": 11. The second object has "name": "Emma" and "age": 11. The third
object has "name": "Grace" and "age": 14. The fourth object is incomplete,
showing "{ na ‚úì". Below the rectangular box, the text "Correct" is displayed.
The overall appearance suggests a correct or verified JSON data set, likely
part of a user interface or tutorial. ]image1113√ó125 3.01
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/c/2ce94f6194ed92d7a97deab5905560168e9efc33.png
"image")

which is shown incorrect just after adding 2 backslashes

##

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall:** The
image displays an error message related to JSON data. It shows a snippet of
what's labeled as "Sorted JSON" and then a "SyntaxError" message indicating a
problem with the JSON's formatting. **Elements:** 1\. **"Sorted JSON:" Text:**
A title or label indicating that the following content is intended to be
sorted JSON data. 2\. **JSON Snippet (with Error Highlight):** A block of text
showing a portion of what's supposed to be JSON data. It looks like an array
of objects, where each object contains "name" and "age" properties. * `[{
\"name\": "Bob", "age": 11 }, { "name": "Emma", "age": 11 }, { "name":
"Grace", "age": 14 }, { "r` This appears to be the JSON that's causing the
error. Note the "r" at the very end and the fact that this last object is
incomplete. 3\. **Error Message:** * `SyntaxError: Expected property name or
'}' in JSON at position 16 (line 1 column 17)`: This is the core error
message. It indicates that the JSON parser encountered an unexpected character
or situation at position 16 within the string (row 1, column 17) where it was
expecting either a property name or a closing curly brace (`}`).
**Interpretation of the Error:** The syntax error most likely stems from the
incomplete JSON object at the end ` { "r`. The parser is expecting a valid
property name within double quotes (e.g., `"propertyName": value`) or a
closing curly brace `}` to complete the object. The presence of only `"r`
breaks the expected JSON structure. **Key takeaways:** * The image highlights
a JSON parsing error. * The specific error is a SyntaxError related to an
unexpected character or missing element within the JSON. * The error is
pinpointed to a specific location in the JSON string (position 16). * The
issue likely arises from an incomplete or malformed JSON object at the end of
the provided data.]image1107√ó122 4.01 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/d/cdf8c41b7c8b7001a3a4b48a1c77d8cfdfc0f6d0.png
"image")

### Note: It would be better to check your responses on the TDS portal before
finalising the script. You can access the answer box and check button by
removing the disable attribute.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-25T10:21:15.654Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

it can‚Äôt be fixed actually, you would need the answer in the json format

`{"answer": "actual_answer"}`

but if the actual_answer needs to be string and if it happens to be of json
type, it has to be represented using `\"`


---
### Prakhar Agrawal (2025-03-25T10:42:39.262Z)

Do we require open_api key like project 1 for this one too ? if yes from where
we can get that?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-25T12:06:48.659Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a portrait of a man. He appears to be in a
professional setting. **Subject:** * The subject is a man with short, dark
hair. * He has a light skin tone. * He has dark eyes and a mustache. * He
appears to be smiling slightly. **Clothing:** * He is wearing a dark-colored
suit jacket. * Underneath the jacket, he is wearing a light-colored shirt,
possibly white or a very light cream. **Background:** * The background is a
plain white wall. * The lighting seems to be fairly even, but the left side of
his face seems slightly brighter. **Other Observations:** * The image quality
is relatively clear, but there might be some minor blurring due to the image
being a smaller size. * No text is immediately visible in the image. If you
have any specific questions about the image, feel free to ask! ]
lakshaygarg654:

> As per the 19th March session, it was mentioned that the files would be the
> same for everyone, and only the parameters in the questions would vary.
> However, I have noticed that the files can actually be different. To support
> this, I‚Äôm attaching screenshots of the CSV files for GA5 Q1‚Äîone is mine, and
> the other belongs to a batchmate.
>
> [[Image could not be described]mydata939√ó401 18.3
> KB](https://europe1.discourse-
> cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/d/bd0793de2034d6990e337f71cda4447d55e863bb.png
> "mydata")
>
> [[Image could not be described]friend data938√ó465 20.5
> KB](https://europe1.discourse-
> cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/c/1c9058197b1b9e480dec30b06a4e9cca190a1a9e.png
> "friend data")
>
> During the session, it was said that uploading files would take time, and
> the suggested solution was to pre-download the files on the server since
> they are supposed to be the same. But since the files are not identical for
> all students, this issue needs to be addressed.

The file is just 341kb. it should take less than a second. So you do not have
to pre download this file. Only very large ones that are not parameterised you
can have a hard copy of.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a professional headshot or portrait of a
man. **Subject:** * The subject is a man with a medium complexion. * He has
short, dark hair and a neatly trimmed mustache. **Clothing:** * He is wearing
a dark suit jacket. * Underneath the jacket, he seems to be wearing a white
collared shirt. **Background:** * The background is a plain white or off-white
color. It is simple and does not distract from the subject. **Facial
Expression:** * He has a slight smile. **Overall:** The image has a
professional and clean appearance. It is a straightforward headshot, suitable
for use in business or professional contexts.] lakshaygarg654:

> In **GA4 Q2** , my task is to retrieve movie information from IMDb for all
> films with a rating between 3 and 5. I am scraping the correct movie
> names(for example 6th movie in given image), but the portal is accepting
> them differently. All movie names are provided in English, but the portal
> seems to be accepting some titles in other languages‚ÄîSpanish, Dutch, I
> believe.

Questions that require manual intervention will be graded very liberally. In
other words those questions will not have as strict a grading criteria as in
the GA portal.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a headshot of a man. He's dressed in
professional attire, suggesting it might be for business purposes (e.g.,
LinkedIn, website bio, etc.). **Details:** * **Person:** * The man has short,
dark hair. * He appears to be of South Asian descent. * He has a slight smile.
* He has a mustache. * **Clothing:** He is wearing a black suit jacket. It is
possible that he is wearing a white shirt underneath, which is showing around
the collar. * **Background:** The background is a plain white or light-colored
wall, free of distractions. * **Quality:** The image quality is decent, but
not super sharp. If you have any specific questions about the image, feel free
to ask!] lakshaygarg654:

> In **GA4 Q10** , very few students were able to solve the question using
> LLMs or Python during the assignment. Most of us ended up solving it
> manually. At that time, [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir had mentioned that the
> question would be revised.  
>  Here is the [thread
> link](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/ga4-data-sourcing-
> discussion-thread-tds-jan-2025/165959/106) for reference.  
>  How should we handle this question now?

Same as above.

Kind regards


---
### Veer Shah (2025-03-25T15:51:18.716Z)

the problem is not the url , if we provide the ending digits of osm_id then
only we can match it as multiple cities are there in same country but osm_id
is unique


---
### Veer Shah (2025-03-25T16:00:50.605Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall:** The image is a screenshot of a code snippet, likely displayed
within a Google Colab notebook or a similar environment. The code is written
in Python. It aims to access the user's Google account information
(specifically email) through the Google API and then performs a SHA256 hash on
a string derived from the email and the token expiry year. The prompt at the
bottom asks for the last 5 characters of the hash. **Text elements:** *
**Introductory Text:** "Let's make sure you can access Google Colab. Run this
program on Google Colab, allowing all required access to your email ID:
23f1001524@ds.study.iitm.ac.in." This indicates the script is designed for
setup and testing within Google Colab, and that it's intended to access the
user's Google account. * **Python Code:** The core of the image is the Python
code itself. Here's a breakdown of the key lines: * `import hashlib`, `import
requests`, `from google.colab import auth`, `from oauth2client.client import
GoogleCredentials`: Import necessary modules for hashing, making HTTP
requests, and handling Google authentication. * `auth.authenticate_user()`:
Initiates the authentication process to gain access to the user's Google
account. * `creds = GoogleCredentials.get_application_default()`: Retrieves
the Google application credentials. * `token =
creds.get_access_token().access_token`: Obtains the access token from the
credentials. * `response = requests.get(...)`: Makes an HTTP GET request to
the Google UserInfo API endpoint to retrieve user details. The headers section
contains the `Authorization` header that holds the `Bearer` token. * `email =
response.json()["email"]`: Extracts the user's email address from the JSON
response. * `hashlib.sha256(f"(email)
(creds.token_expiry.year)".encode()).hexdigest()[-5:]`: 1\. Creates a string
by concatenating the email address and token expiry year. 2\. Encodes the
string into bytes. 3\. Calculates the SHA256 hash of the byte string. 4\.
Converts the hash into a hexadecimal string representation. 5\. Takes the last
5 characters of the hexadecimal string. * **Question:** "What is the result?
(It should be a 5-character string)" This clearly indicates the desired output
is the final 5 characters of the SHA256 hash. **Objects/Visual Features:** *
The code snippet is displayed in a dark editor theme. **In summary:** The
image contains a Python script that aims to retrieve a user's email address
from their Google account through the Google API, then calculates a SHA256
hash based on the email address and token expiry year, and then extracts the
last five characters of the resulting hash. The prompt asks for what this
5-character string should be. ]image1613√ó554 32.9
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/0/f0cc9a0ac082b679e2cc50275975e9c34b9b91d5.png
"image")

  
How to parameterise this function? It is really difficult to do this function
with other parameter, please help. what is approach other than hardcoding it?


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-25T18:15:07.302Z)

Did you get a solution for the Markdown question? I have the same issue.

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on the
text and its structure: **Overall Structure:** The image appears to be a
report or analysis of step data. It's likely formatted as a text document with
headings, bullet points, and data tables. The document is structured with
markdown-like syntax (using `##` for headings, `**` for bolding, etc.) **Key
Text Sections:** * **Title:** "# Step Analysis Report" * **Introduction:** A
general overview of the step analysis. It mentions tracking daily steps,
comparing results, data collection using a fitness tracker, and the steps
taken in the analysis. * **Steps Taken (Methods):** * Comparing daily steps
with previous weeks. * Comparing steps with friends to analyze trends. * Data
was logged into a spreadsheet. * Weekly trends were calculated * **Data Table
(Steps Walked):** * It shows the number of steps walked on Thursday (10,000),
Monday (8,500), and Friday (9,600). The other days are not visible. * **Code
Snippet:** Marked as "## Code for Step Analysis." It indicates that Python
(using the Pandas library) was used for the analysis. The code snippet
initializes a Pandas DataFrame. * **Observations:** * States that the highest
step count was recorded on Sunday. * **Comparison with Friends:** * Includes
quotes from people. * Alice's average: **10,500** steps/day * Bob's average:
**9,800** steps/day * **Improvements:** * Suggests ways to improve step count
tracking. * **Increase daily goals**. * Track steps using an advanced fitness
tracker. * **Reference:** * Includes a URL to a healthline.com article about
the number of steps a day. * **Visualization**: * Contains an image. **Key
Observations:** * The analysis uses data collected from a fitness tracker. *
Python and the Pandas library are used for data analysis. * Comparisons are
made with previous weeks and friends to analyze trends. * There are
suggestions for improvement in step tracking. In summary, the image presents a
step analysis report with an introduction, methods, data, observations, code,
and suggestions for improvement. ]image892√ó388 18
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/e/7ec9ec5219361061432faeb1b7b7ee8894155465.png
"image")

  
Can we rather do PlainTextResponse for the markdown question?


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-03-26T04:35:37.877Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

# Questions Requiring Clarification/Manual Intervention for Evaluation (As
Discussed in Tuesday‚Äôs Session)

Respected TDS Team,

As per the discussion during the Tuesday session, and following
[@Saransh](/u/saransh)‚Äôs suggestion, I am creating this post to list the
questions that may require manual intervention or are facing issues
potentially due to portal-side behavior. Kindly verify these points before
evaluation.

* * *

## :red_exclamation_mark: Questions Requiring Manual Intervention / Portal-
Side Issue

  1. GA3 Q8

     * Issue: The question doesn‚Äôt mention all required queries. Although all mentioned queries were added, the portal seems to check for additional queries not stated, resulting in an incorrect answer flag.
  2. GA3 Q9

     * Issue: This question asks to create an LLM prompt, but upon submission, a pop-up requests the AIPROXY_TOKEN.
     * Clarification needed: How are we supposed to handle token-based inputs for evaluation?
  3. GA4 Q2 & Q10

     * Issue: Previously encountered issues have been resolved.
     * Reference: [GA4 Q2 and Q10 resolution](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-tds-solver-discussion-thread/169029/98)
  4. Output Formatting (Multiple Questions)

     * Issue: When using plain text, the answer is accepted. However, in JSON format, newline characters (\n) and backslashes are added.
     * Note: As per the project requirement, the output should be in JSON like {‚Äúanswer‚Äù: ‚Äúresult‚Äù}. But directly copy-pasting such a result with special characters leads to rejection by the portal.
  5. Vercel / Docker Hub / Ngrok Deployment Questions

     * Issue: Some deployment-related questions require a **live-running server, which needs real-time manual deployment using platforms like Vercel or Ngrok.
     * Clarification needed: How is this expected to be evaluated?

* * *

## Deployment-Related Issues (To Be Included in Thursday‚Äôs Session)

Please include discussion and solutions for the following deployment issues:

  1. Platform Capability for GA Tasks

     * Which cloud platform (Azure, DigitalOcean, etc.) can handle all GA tasks reliably?
     * Note: Some platforms have limitations that block certain tasks or token usage.
  2. File Upload Example via Platform API

     * Request: Please provide examples for both small and large file uploads using API from a cloud-deployed app.
     * This would help validate deployments for assignment questions involving file input.
  3. General Observations on GA1-5  
Output Accuracy: Approximately 80% of the questions in GA1-5 return correct
output when tested on a local machine. However, about 20% either have portal-
side issues or deployment-related problems.

* * *

Kindly review these points before final evaluation, and let us know if any
additional clarification is required from our side.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-26T07:18:55.105Z)

Thanks a lot [@23f2005702](/u/23f2005702), we‚Äôll try to answer these questions
in Thursday‚Äôs session.


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-03-26T07:37:59.662Z)

Is their any way to solve this issue. [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-26T10:42:30.198Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) ( [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) )
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) , is it possible to extend the deadline by 2 days April
1st, since we can use the LLM api a little more and Most people(me atleast)
have Their OPPEs and its combined syllabus (and the OPPE 1 did not go well,
partly due to my inadequacies) , which has much more to cover, since this
project involves more involved coding compared to the last project(ideally
project one should have taken not more than a day , still messed it up though
xD). Asking for extension for 2 days, if possible. Really need it not even
want, like **need**

**Summary: Please extend Project 2 deadline by 2 days(April 1st),**  
_(actually 1 day extension is April 1st)_


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-26T11:41:58.981Z)

Hi [@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382) ,  
Unfortunately it‚Äôs not possible for us to extend the deadline. Project 2 was
released almost a month back, and that can be considered ample amount of time
to complete the project. I can understand it must be hard to deal with it
along with an upcoming OPPE, but this is what it is. Even if you are not able
to cover all the 58 questions, try to cover the majority of them, as the
evaluation involves sending just 1-3 questions for evals.

All the best for your OPPE and your Project 2 :victory_hand:


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-26T11:46:58.695Z)

[@21f2000709](/u/21f2000709) [@23f2003751](/u/23f2003751)  
Yes you are absolutely right. I confirmed this with Carlton and Anand sir, and
yes you have to send the JSON responses as strings, which will automatically
add those backslashes(\\). I apologies for causing this confusion, and I hope
I was able to clarify it.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-26T11:49:47.787Z)

Yes, your response seems correct. It should be a single string containing all
the markdown.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-26T11:59:37.194Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) can you please confirm 5 Qs at random means
5 random Qs from entire 58 Qs or 1 random Q/GA for the evaluation of TDS
Project 2.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-26T12:03:33.373Z)

Hi [@21f3001993](/u/21f3001993)  
You can use the `zipfile` library to extract and access zip files pretty
easily. You can even make it so that you don‚Äôt even have to download the sent
file either zip/csv/etc, in order to access it. All this will be discussed in
Thurday‚Äôs [27-03-2025] Live Session. Kindly attend the session if you want a
deeper understanding of it.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-26T12:03:38.632Z)

It can be any 5 questions.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-26T12:07:18.924Z)

It can be 1-5 random questions from all 58 question. Its not like a random
question each from each GA. It‚Äôs even possible to get all those 5 questions
from one single GA.


---
### Trebhuvan SB (2025-03-26T14:02:52.013Z)

For GA 2 Question 10, how do we host an LLM on a free vm with very limited
resources?


---
### Manmeet Kaur (2025-03-27T00:16:27.539Z)

Ok, thanks. I won‚Äôt be able to attend the session live, but will watch the
recording. Thanks for offering to discuss this in live session.


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-03-27T04:20:31.097Z)

just to clarify if the llm is giving the output like this the evaluation
script will mark it correct.

    
    
    {
     "answer": "[{\"name\":\"Charlie\",\"age\":16},{\"name\":\"Liam\",\"age\":23},{\"name\":\"Bob\",\"age\":28},{\"name\":\"Grace\",\"age\":36},{\"name\":\"Ivy\",\"age\":44},{\"name\":\"Jack\",\"age\":53},{\"name\":\"David\",\"age\":56},{\"name\":\"Oscar\",\"age\":57},{\"name\":\"Karen\",\"age\":65},{\"name\":\"Frank\",\"age\":67},{\"name\":\"Nora\",\"age\":68},{\"name\":\"Emma\",\"age\":70},{\"name\":\"Paul\",\"age\":88},{\"name\":\"Alice\",\"age\":92},{\"name\":\"Henry\",\"age\":94},{\"name\":\"Mary\",\"age\":97}]"
     }
    

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-27T04:45:52.559Z)

Yes, it will. Just make sure that doing a json.loads() on this string should
give you the desired output.


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-27T06:45:58.204Z)

The GA portal marks it as wrong unless I manually insert new lines. I hope
that won‚Äôt be an issue, will it?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-03-27T07:05:51.741Z)

Your markdown must have newline characters or spaces wherever necessary.
Otherwise we will not be able to check if your answer is correct. Our parser
will only work if encodings for the formatting are present in the response. If
there are no encodings (invisible or visible) then we will not have the
correctly formatted file.

Please review module 1 for a better understanding about how text is encoded.
Especially invisible characters.

The browser is designed for user friendliness. Thats why the characters are
invisible when you copy paste string with newlines. But it exists.

The programmatic strings show invisible encodings as escaped characters.
(Usually)

To check if a string has invisible characters,

    
    
    # Multi-line string
    my_string = """Hello
    World    with    spaces 
    and some newlines
    and a tab	"""
    
    # Print ASCII values of each character
    print([ord(c) for c in my_string])
    

e.g., newline = 10, tab = 9

This is a great way to check what we are receiving when you send us some
response,

    
    
    import requests
    import json
    
    # This is just an example server to see what we see.
    
    url = "https://httpbin.org/post"
    
    my_multiline_string_answer = """This is a multiline
    string that spans
    multiple lines    with    spaces 
    and some newlines
    and a tab	as well."""
    
    response_to_send_to_tds_evaluator = {
    "answer": my_multiline_string_answer
    }
    
    # Send the JSON data
    response = requests.post (url, json=response_to_send_to_tds_evaluator)
    
    # Check the response
    print (response.status_code)
    print (response.json ())
    print (response.text)
    
    # Do other checks as necessary... 
    

See what happens when I print the result

    
    
    print (json.loads (response.text)['json']['answer'])
    

[[Image description: Here's a description of the image content: The image
shows a terminal window, likely from a macOS system, based on the prompt
structure. **Text:** * The terminal prompt is ".venvcarland@Carlton-MacBook-
Pro tds %". This provides information about the username, hostname, and
current directory. * The user executes the python script located at
"/User/tds/test.py" using the command "tds/test.py". * The python script
prints out the following multiline string to the terminal: * "This is a
multiline" * "string that spans" * "multiple lines with spaces" * "and some
newlines" * "and a tab as well." * A new terminal prompt appears after running
the program. **General Description:** The image depicts a simple interaction
with a terminal. A Python script (`test.py`) is run, and its output is
displayed in the terminal window. The script contains a multiline string with
spaces, newlines, and a tab character that it prints to standard output.
]Screenshot 2025-03-27 at 1.09.56 pm323√ó120 3.61
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/d/ad116ba310657f4688bc4744ea6f291fddcb63b8.png
"Screenshot 2025-03-27 at 1.09.56 pm")

Its a proper multiline correctly formatted text! The encodings are invisible
just like in the original as well as in your clipboard when you copy paste
into the GA.

Here is a json example:

    
    
    json_answer = {
        "mary": "poppins",
        "age": 42
    }
    
    stringed_json = json.dumps (json_answer)
    response_to_send_to_tds_evaluator = {
    "answer": stringed_json
    }
    
    response = requests.post (url, json=response_to_send_to_tds_evaluator)
    
    print (json.loads (response.text)['json']['answer'])
    

Look at the response. A perfect json.  
[Image could not be described]

If you do not want spaces in the response then strip the spaces before you
send the stringified response.

Kind regards


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-27T08:27:33.282Z)

I would request the TDS team to please consider making the evaluation criteria
for project 2 a bit more liberal.  
5 random Questions with 4 marks each is quite harsh. I request you to make it
more balanced like 2 Qs from each GA with 2 marks each or so. So that even if
we can‚Äôt exhaustively cover the whole number of questions, it gives mercy for
the partial completion.

5 random question is a kind of lottery or luck based unless our app is
perfect. Thanks

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-27T09:19:43.245Z)

Hey guys, I have designed the code, and it currently works for the first 11
GA1 questions and the sixth and third questions of GA2. I have accounted for
all edge cases. Please check the code at this link:  
<https://4e52-43-230-106-58.ngrok-free.app/>.  
Let me know your thoughts!


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-27T10:01:02.958Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

  1. **GA2 - Question 3: Publish a Page Using GitHub Pages**

  * As part of the requirement, I successfully published a webpage using GitHub Pages that includes my email address `21f3001076@ds.study.iitm.ac.in` in the HTML content. The page functions correctly and becomes accessible on my local system.

  * To automate the publishing process, I implemented a delay function that checks for the page‚Äôs availability after 5 seconds. Based on testing, GitHub Pages typically take around 10‚Äì20 seconds to go live after repository creation and HTML deployment. As a result, the complete process‚Äîfrom initiating the API call to verifying that the page is live‚Äîtakes approximately 30 seconds locally. This setup works reliably on my local machine.

  * However, when deploying the same process on Azure, I encountered an issue. Without the delay, the API responds too quickly‚Äîbefore the GitHub Pages site is actually live‚Äîresulting in a broken or non-functional link on the assignment portal. On the other hand, including the delay function causes Azure to throw a **502 Bad Gateway** error, likely due to Azure‚Äôs request timeout limitations. The additional wait time slightly exceeds the platform‚Äôs allowed response duration.

  2. **GA4 - Question 9: Process PDF Files**

  * A similar issue occurs in GA4 Question 9, where the task involves processing PDF files. While this works perfectly in the local environment, it leads to a **502 Bad Gateway** error on Azure. This is due to the relatively long time required to parse and analyze the PDFs, which again exceeds Azure‚Äôs execution time limit.

  * Moreover, pre-processing the PDF files is not an option because the input varies for each user. Therefore, the PDFs must be processed dynamically, which adds to the delay and contributes to the timeout problem.

Currently, I am using Azure for deployment, and for the majority of tasks, it
works reliably. Although these specific tasks face timeout issues, shifting to
another deployment platform is not feasible at this point. I am not certain if
alternative platforms will work consistently across all questions, and making
such a change could introduce failures in other parts of the assignment where
Azure performs well.

Below Image is showing response of local machine api request for GA2 Q3 which
works fine.

[[Image description: Here is a description of the image: The image shows two
sections. The left section is titled "Request URL" and the URL is
`http://127.0.0.1:1000/api`. The "Server response" section displays: "Code:
200". In the "Response body" section, a JSON object is shown: `{"answer":
"https://2375901876.github.io/github-pages-2025027144836/"}` along with a
Download button. The "Response headers" section includes details like `access-
control-allow-credentials: true`, `access-control-allow-origin: *`, `content-
length: 79`, `content-type: application/json`, `date: Thu, 17 Mar 2023
09:18:35 GMT`, and `server: uvicorn`. The right section contains information
about Github Pages and how they are served via Cloudflare. It mentions how
Cloudflare obfuscates emails and how to wrap email addresses. A text box is
provided with example email `<1-- email_off-->
21f300101076@s.study.itte.ac.iit<1 --/email off -->`. It also includes an
example GitHub Pages URL: `https://[USER].github.io/[REPO]/`. A specific URL
`https://2113001076.github.io/github pages-20250127144836` is marked as
"Correct". Finally, there is a note about adding `?v=1`, `?v=2` to the URL to
bust the cache if recent changes are not reflected. ]image1854√ó493 55.9
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/5/358458a56d720a8ecdd43ce5d1de17cde7c76caa.png
"image")


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-27T10:21:52.862Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

### **Final Thoughts on Project 2**

Project 2 has been a valuable yet challenging experience. I‚Äôd like to share a
few reflections‚Äînot as criticism, but as constructive feedback with the
intention to contribute positively to future iterations.

  1. **Organization & Structure:**  
The project felt a bit unstructured at times, which may be expected given that
this is possibly the first time such an initiative is being carried out. I‚Äôm
not blaming anyone‚Äîjust sharing my thoughts. I hope positive insights can be
drawn from this feedback.

  2. **Deployment & Portal Limitations:**  
There are noticeable limitations on the deployment side (e.g., timeouts,
platform constraints) and occasional issues on the assignment portal. While
frustrating, these also led to some deep technical learning.

  3. **Time Constraints:**  
Balancing this project with ongoing coursework and other responsibilities has
been quite demanding. The deadline of March 31st adds pressure, making it
difficult to thoroughly test all 57 questions across different environments.

  4. **Sessions & Support:**  
The sessions conducted were helpful in addressing specific topics, but in many
areas, I had to rely heavily on GPT and self-guided exploration to move
forward.

  5. **Deployment Variability:**  
Each GA‚Äôs questions seemed to expose different limitations depending on the
deployment platform. This inconsistency made it hard to predict which
questions would work reliably.

  6. **Effort Acknowledgment:**  
I sincerely appreciate the efforts of the TAs and instructors‚Äîit‚Äôs clear that
a lot of hard work went into enabling and supporting this project. However,
it‚Äôs also a bit disappointing that we, as students, are unsure which questions
are expected to work and which may fail‚Äîeven the team might not have full
visibility over this at the moment.

  7. **Feasibility in the Given Timeline:**  
Even for someone with a technical background, it‚Äôs difficult to troubleshoot
and experiment across so many cases within the current timeline. Trying
different approaches per question isn‚Äôt always feasible before the deadline.

* * *

I genuinely hope someone is able to complete **all 57 questions**
successfully‚ÄîI‚Äôd love to learn from their experience and solutions.

Again, this post is meant in a positive and constructive spirit. If anything I
said seems inappropriate or off the mark, please let me know‚ÄîI‚Äôm happy to edit
or delete the post if needed.

**Thank you for the learning opportunity**


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-27T10:30:29.421Z)

I have implemented till GA 4 q8 with few questions here and there like one
with the llamafile, etc. If someone have the functions of GA 5 ready please
ping me for collaboration.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-27T10:37:09.639Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) How to do the GitHub Actions questions as it is a cron
job based but need manual trigger for the eval script to verify. If done
without cron job the portal complains.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-27T10:51:35.130Z)

If there is any plan for extension, I request the TDS team to announce it in
advance as people would rush and submit, then, they come hear about the
extension when they had submitted it already.

Happened to me like almost every time. We have OPPE this weekend, so if there
is slightest possibility, I request to announce it in advance.

Thanks


---
### Trebhuvan SB (2025-03-27T13:16:23.681Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
Can someone reply to this? :sweat_smile:


---
### Aditi Shastri (2025-03-27T15:02:27.784Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Content:** The image displays a set of instructions or a problem statement for
analyzing Apache web server log files. It outlines the data structure within
the logs, provides examples, and sets specific data analysis tasks. **Key Text
Elements:** * **"Your Task"**: Title indicating the purpose of the document. *
**Description of the Log File**: * It's a GZipped Apache log file (61MB). *
Contains 258,074 rows. * The log entries pertain to the website `s-anand.net`
in May 2024. * **Field Definitions**: * A bulleted list describes each field
within a log entry: * **IP**: The visitor's IP address. * **Remote logname**:
Remote logname (typically "-"). * **Remote user**: Remote user (typically
"-"). * **Time**: Visit timestamp (format example given). Notes that this
field is *not* quoted. * **Request**: HTTP request details, consisting of
Method, URL, and Protocol (with examples like `GET /blog/ HTTP/1.1`). *
**Status**: HTTP status code; successful requests are defined as 200 <= Status
< 300\. * **Size**: The size of the response in bytes. * **Referer**: The
referrer URL (example `https://s-anand.net/`). * **User agent**: Browser
information (may contain spaces and escaped quotes). * **Vhost**: Virtual host
(example `s-anand.net`). * **Server**: IP address of the server. * **Data
Format**: * Fields are separated by spaces. * Fields are quoted by double
quotes (""). * Escaped double quotes are represented as `\"`. * (The impact of
this impacts 41 rows) * **Time Zone**: * All data is in the GMT-0500 timezone.
* **Tasks:** 1\. **Filter Log Entries:** * Extract requests where the URL
starts with `/malayalammp3/`. * Only include requests made on `2024-05-15`.
2\. **Aggregate Data by IP:** * Sum the "Size" field for each unique IP
address from the filtered log entries. **Important Considerations:** * The
description indicates that the "Time" field is *not* quoted, meaning special
parsing may be needed to handle it correctly. * The "User agent" field can
contain spaces and escaped quotes, making its parsing potentially complex. *
The log entries use spaces as field separators *and* double quotes for
quoting. In summary, the image presents a data analysis problem involving
Apache log files, specifying the data structure, the format of fields and time
zones, and two specific tasks for analyzing the data. ]WhatsApp Image
2025-03-27 at 13.41.43_5bd0a1821600√ó1069 246 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/d/4d95a26e7ed85f52ff71db596714dbbe5700b798.jpeg
"WhatsApp Image 2025-03-27 at 13.41.43_5bd0a182")

  
Dear Sirs,

I have a question regarding Q3 and Q4 of GA5. When calling the API, should we
pass the `.gz` file directly, or will the API accept a Google Drive link from
which it can download the `.gz` file?

Specifically, will the API call be structured as follows?

Essentialy, will the API call look like so?

> curl -X POST ‚Äú<http://127.0.0.1:5000>‚Äù  
>  -H ‚ÄúContent-Type: multipart/form-data‚Äù  
>  -F "question=Bandwidth Analysis for Regional Contents -
> [anand.net](http://anand.net) is a personal website that had region-specific
> music content. One of the site‚Äôs key sections is tamilmp3, which hosts music
> files and is especially popular among the local audience. The website is
> powered by robust Apache web servers that record detailed access logs. These
> logs are essential for understanding user behavior, server load, and content
> engagement. By analyzing the server‚Äôs Apache log file, the author can
> identify heavy users and take measures to manage bandwidth, improve site
> performance, or even investigate potential abuse. Your Task: This GZipped
> Apache log file has 258,074 rows. Each row is an Apache web log entry for
> the site [s-anand.net](http://s-anand.net) in May 2024. Each row has these
> fields:
>
> IP: The IP address of the visitor.  
>  Remote logname: The remote logname of the visitor. Typically ‚Äò-‚Äô.  
>  Remote user: The remote user of the visitor. Typically ‚Äò-‚Äô.  
>  Time: The time of the visit. E.g. [01/May/2024:00:00:00 +0000]. Note that
> this is not quoted, and you need to handle this.  
>  Request: The request made by the visitor. E.g. GET /blog/ HTTP/1.1. It has
> three space-separated parts:  
>  (a) Method: The HTTP method. E.g. GET.  
>  (b) URL: The URL visited. E.g. /blog/.  
>  (c) Protocol: The HTTP protocol. E.g. HTTP/1.1.  
>  Status: The HTTP status code. If 200 <= Status < 300, it is a successful
> request.  
>  Size: The size of the response in bytes. E.g. 1234.  
>  Referer: The referer URL. E.g. <https://s-anand.net/>.  
>  User agent: The browser used. This will contain spaces and might have
> escaped quotes.  
>  Vhost: The virtual host. E.g. [s-anand.net](http://s-anand.net).  
>  Server: The IP address of the server.
>
> The fields are separated by spaces and quoted by double quotes (‚Äò-‚Äô). Unlike
> CSV files, quoted fields are escaped via \" and not ‚Äò-‚Äô. (This impacts 41
> rows.)
>
> All data is in the GMT-0500 timezone, and the questions are based on this
> same timezone.
>
> Filter the Log Entries: Extract only the requests where the URL starts with
> /tamilmp3/. Include only those requests made on the specified 2024-05-23.
>
> Aggregate Data by IP: Sum the ‚ÄòSize‚Äô field for each unique IP address from
> the filtered entries.
>
> Identify the Top Data Consumer: Determine the IP address that has the
> highest total downloaded bytes. Report the total number of bytes that this
> IP address downloaded.
>
> Across all requests under tamilmp3/ on 2024-05-23, how many bytes did the
> top IP address (by volume of downloads) download?"  
>  -F ‚Äúfile=@s-anand.net-May-2024.gz‚Äù

I would appreciate your clarification on whether the `.gz` file should be
directly included in the API request or if a Google Drive link should be
provided instead.

Thank you for your time and assistance.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-27T22:40:49.200Z)

Hello Everyone i have cread solution now just for graded 1 and graded 2

[a240-43-230-106-58.ngrok-free.app](https://a240-43-230-106-58.ngrok-
free.app/)

### [TDS - Tools for Data Science](https://a240-43-230-106-58.ngrok-free.app/)

ask question there is only one problem in one question like in one question my
code unable to match desired function so giving other function output


---
### Dhruv Agrawal (2025-03-28T04:05:30.133Z)

The endpoint a240-43-230-106-58.ngrok-free.app is offline.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-28T05:35:05.390Z)

Now Online check it is online


---
### Parthiv (2025-03-28T05:44:20.301Z)

so I have a doubt whatever output my code gives for the ga question , if i
copy it one to one and paste in the ga page and it says correct .Would it mean
the same would happen with the evaluation method ? or is there any extra
things i must add?  
{  
‚Äúanswer‚Äù : ‚Äúanswer inside string‚Äù  
}


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-28T06:36:01.976Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a professional headshot of a man. The
background is plain white, making the subject the clear focus. **Subject
Description:** * **Man:** The subject is a man with dark hair and a light to
medium skin tone. He has short, neatly groomed hair and a clean-shaven face. *
**Attire:** He is wearing a white collared shirt and a black suit jacket. The
suit jacket appears to be well-fitted. * **Facial Expression:** He has a
slight, subtle smile. His expression seems friendly and approachable. *
**Pose:** He is facing the camera directly, his head and shoulders centered in
the frame. **Background:** * The background is a solid, bright white. This
simplicity helps to isolate the subject and keeps the focus on him. **Overall
Impression:** The photo suggests a professional, confident individual. The
neutral background and formal attire imply a professional setting or context,
likely used for business purposes like a website, profile or work-related
publication.] lakshaygarg654:

>   2. **GA4 - Question 9: Process PDF Files**
>

>   * A similar issue occurs in GA4 Question 9, where the task involves
> processing PDF files. While this works perfectly in the local environment,
> it leads to a **502 Bad Gateway** error on Azure. This is due to the
> relatively long time required to parse and analyze the PDFs, which again
> exceeds Azure‚Äôs execution time limit.
>   * Moreover, pre-processing the PDF files is not an option because the
> input varies for each user. Therefore, the PDFs must be processed
> dynamically, which adds to the delay and contributes to the timeout problem.
>

[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
I watched the last session. In that session, regarding the specific PDF
question, you mentioned that the PDF is the same for everyone, so it can be
preprocessed beforehand. However, I checked and found that the PDF is actually
different for each user. So, we need to fetch it from the API endpoint.  
How should we handle the timeout issue on the deployment platform? I even
tried upgrading the plan, but it didn‚Äôt help.

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Also, many questions and doubts were addressed in the last two sessions. I can
improve a lot and add the remaining questions, but the constraint is the 31st
March deadline. Most students, including myself, will only get time after 30th
March due to Viva and OPPE.  
It would be really helpful if the TDS team could extend the deadline.

I believe it would strike a good balance‚Äîteam made us wait for the Project 1
results, but extending the Project 2 deadline would make up for that for some
extent. Its request nothing else.


---
### Dhruv (2025-03-28T10:04:04.208Z)

Hello sir,

My question is, the questions my endpoint will be evaluated are they the exact
same ones with same parameters for my respective email as on the assignment
portal ?

Essentially I am trying to understand there are certain questions where I
don‚Äôt have to solve the question again and just return the hardcoded answers,
would that be correct ?


---
### Parthiv (2025-03-28T11:02:01.184Z)

Anyone please respond and also for ga 1 q 8 for instance where we have:

Let‚Äôs make sure you know how to use JSON. Sort this JSON array of objects by
the value of the `age` field. In case of a tie, sort by the `name` field.
Paste the resulting JSON below without any spaces or newlines.

    
    
    [{"name":"Alice","age":67},{"name":"Bob","age":53},{"name":"Charlie","age":34},{"name":"David","age":89},{"name":"Emma","age":92},{"name":"Frank","age":37},{"name":"Grace","age":4},{"name":"Henry","age":49},{"name":"Ivy","age":30},{"name":"Jack","age":2},{"name":"Karen","age":2},{"name":"Liam","age":5},{"name":"Mary","age":32},{"name":"Nora","age":56},{"name":"Oscar","age":19},{"name":"Paul","age":22}]
    

Sorted JSON:

here would question be sent as text only or text + json file seperately?


---
### Lovepreet Singh (2025-03-28T14:46:03.074Z)

Can Somebody please share the answers for GA 3 and 4, as I have missed those?
Thank you


---
### Aditi Shastri (2025-03-28T14:46:13.177Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-28T17:06:27.212Z)

Hi [@adi3](/u/adi3),  
The `.gz` file would be sent along with the API request. You can even read the
file directly without even downloading it.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-28T17:08:40.422Z)

The API request would be sent containing the question text and the JSON
file/files as a binary stream.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-28T17:12:51.603Z)

Hi [@22f3002933](/u/22f3002933)  
Files are less likely to change, but parameters are. For instance, GA1_Q12,
the zip file is less likely to change but the symbols to perform the aggregate
on would be changed.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-28T17:34:15.676Z)

Hi [@lakshaygarg654](/u/lakshaygarg654),  
Yes for GA4_Q9 the PDF files are different for everyone, but the workflow is
exactly the same. Its a basic tabula read, with no particular need of any
preprocessing. So, yeah you have to fetch it from the API request.  
Unfortunately, we can‚Äôt extend Project 2 deadline, it was released on 3rd of
March, and we believe ample amount of time was given for it. If you are
lagging far behind in the race, we would encourage you to collaborate with
other and get the project done.


---
### Dhruv (2025-03-28T17:37:01.640Z)

Thanks for the answer sir.

I remember being told on the last session, that the question will be exactly
the same we have on the assignment portal for my respective case, and the
answer on the portal can be the same here as well.

Actually I am exploring a hardcoded answer route where if i return the answer
which I already got after solving the questions on the portal (in certain qns
with dynamic functions) , so thought of asking if method is alright.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-28T17:51:51.783Z)

Yes sending your GA answer as text as the JSON response can work if the
question was not parameterized. I hope you are aware that parameters for some
questions will be changed, resulting in different answers.


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-28T17:54:02.456Z)

Thanks for your reply [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
I‚Äôve figured out the solution to that particular question.  
The deadline is still a concern, as many issues were only resolved during
recent sessions‚Äîsimilar to the project 1 workflow‚Äîand This time there are many
other things in the pipeline ( viva‚Äôs and oppe‚Äôs )  
Anyway, I will complete this course with valuable learnings, but many others
have been seriously affected by it.


---
### Kushagra Barodekar (2025-03-28T18:02:30.719Z)

Hi [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton) ,

In the sample curl command  
i.e.

    
    
    curl -X POST "https://your-app.vercel.app/api/" \
      -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
      -F "question=Download and unzip file abcd.zip which has a single extract.csv file inside. What is the value in the "answer" column of the CSV file?" \
      -F "file=@abcd.zip"
    

It is given that only one file arguement is passed , can there be a usecase
where multiple files are sent , for example GA-5 10th question Image
reconstruction where there could be one file be the image another could be
separate file with mapping, Although mapping can be given with question as
well,  
But still can you please confirm if there will be only one file or there can
be multiple files send to API?


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-28T18:06:17.148Z)

Multiple files can be sent in the API requestion. They would be sent as a list
of files.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-28T18:26:21.832Z)

But in q10 will it be passed as the part of question only??


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-29T05:15:05.415Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) in GA 5 q10 the mappings table is sent as part of the
question text or any other separate file?  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Maheshwar Ture (2025-03-29T05:34:08.665Z)

Query about Week2 Q3 and Q7 Publishing a page or action takes time to reflect
the site or action performed in github. how to solve this timing issue ?
Github repo creation and file /action addition completes immediately but
publishing of file /action takes time causing the resulting URL to return 404
for a long time before it returns the correct 200 status and content in
response.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-29T05:52:24.761Z)

Hello Sir,

I want to express my gratitude for the opportunity to work on this project. I
have developed a mini chatbot backend using `vicky_server.py`, which handles
question matching and execution internally, producing appropriate responses.
`My mini chatbot is capable of creating its own API using REST and can manage
tasks such as image compression, repository management, workflows, and web
scraping related to graded assignments. It can even calculate total marks for
subjects like physics and convert PDFs into markdown content. Additionally, it
is capable of downloading the Llama model and creating a tunnel using ngrok.
Essentially, it can address the first four assignment questions.`

However, there are some limitations to this project. Currently, it processes
my local files instead of the uploaded PDFs. I am working on resolving this
issue, but I have some confusion regarding the internal handling of uploaded
files. When I pass a PDF or file through an upload method, how should the
system proceed? I want to ensure that the file is treated as a PDF for the
user rather than just being referenced as ‚Äúquestion.pdf.‚Äù How can I
effectively manage this problem?

Furthermore, there is an issue with question matching. At times, the system
incorrectly identifies questions containing the word ‚Äúcode‚Äù and executes
`first.py` for GA1.

Thank you for the opportunity to work on this project!

Best regards,  
vicky kumar

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
my model at [Vicky kumar tds](https://310c-43-230-107-168.ngrok-free.app/)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-29T06:21:27.025Z)

In GA5_Q10 the mappings would be sent as either a HTML or Markdown file along
with the image. Both files would be send as a List.


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-29T06:29:59.790Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
I am bit confused about answer evaluation process. Can you tell which one is
correct process.  
1st process ( I used json.dumps() to get my_response as json formatted string)  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a code snippet and its
output. The code is written in Python and utilizes the `json` library. **Code
Section:** * **Imports:** The first line imports the `json` library, which is
used for working with JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) data. * **Variable
Assignment:** A string variable named `my_response` is assigned a JSON-
formatted string. The string represents a JSON object with a single key-value
pair: * Key: `"answer"` * Value: `"26272"` * **Print Statement:** The
`print()` function is used to display output. Inside the `print()` function,
there's a call to `json.loads()`. This function parses the JSON string stored
in `my_response` into a Python dictionary. * The code then accesses the value
associated with the `"answer"` key from the resulting dictionary using
`["answer"]`. * This value (which is the string `"26272"`) is then printed to
the console. **Output Section:** * The output displayed below the code is
`26272`. This is the result of the `print()` statement executing the code. It
indicates that the JSON string was successfully parsed, and the value
associated with the "answer" key was extracted and printed. **Key
Observations:** * **JSON Format:** The `my_response` string is structured in
valid JSON format, which is crucial for `json.loads()` to work correctly. *
**String vs. Integer:** The value `"26272"` in the JSON string is represented
as a string, even though it consists only of digits. However, the output
`26272` is not enclosed in quotations, showing that it has converted from JSON
string to integer. * **Python Dictionary Access:** The code correctly uses
square bracket notation `["answer"]` to access the value associated with a key
in the Python dictionary created by `json.loads()`. In essence, the code
snippet demonstrates how to load a JSON string, parse it into a Python
dictionary, and retrieve a specific value from that dictionary. The output
confirms that the process is successful. ]image726√ó224 4.68
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/2/b2c5345c348f63fcf52240ba6c07cb8655d7d17c.png
"image")

2nd process ( This one is Json object)  

[[Image could not be described]image514√ó193 3.61
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/4/848f46d75a3912b4ccc280a7594136401c0f0c36.png
"image")

or both are incorrect?

This is one more example of 1st process after json.loads() it gave me correct
format for assignment portal answer:  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall:** The
image shows a Python code snippet. It defines a function called
`analyze_sentiment` that uses the OpenAI API to analyze the sentiment of some
text. **Code Breakdown:** 1\. **Import Statements:** * `import json` - Imports
the `json` library for working with JSON data. 2\. **`my_response` Variable:**
* It appears to be a string containing a JSON object. This JSON object has a
key called `"answer"` which has some encoded python code as value. 3\.
**`analyze_sentiment()` Function (within the string `my_response`)**: * **API
Endpoint:** `url = "https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions"` *
**Headers:** * `Authorization: "Bearer dummy_api_key"` (Note: This is a
placeholder, a real API key would be needed). * `Content-Type:
"application/json"` * **Data Payload:** * `model: "gpt-4o-mini"` * `messages`:
An array of message objects. * `role: "system"`, `content: "Analyze the
sentiment of the given text and classify it as GOOD, BAD, or NEUTRAL."` (This
sets the context for the OpenAI model). * `role: "user"`, `content: """P5I
3P1xw aE WvYHB6zc5xB SY4QzV 0bM8tDP7e o MOG4R9"""` (This is the text to be
analyzed. It looks like a random string of characters, but the model will
still try to apply sentiment analysis). * **API Call (using `httpx`):**
`response = httpx.post(url, json=data, headers=headers)` * Makes a POST
request to the OpenAI API endpoint with the defined data and headers. *
`response.raise_for_status()` ensures that the request was successful (i.e.,
no HTTP errors). * `result = response.json()` parses the JSON response from
the API. * `return result` 4\. **Main Block:** * `if __name__ == "__main__":`
This block runs when the script is executed directly. * `try: sentiment_result
= analyze_sentiment()` calls the `analyze_sentiment` function and stores the
result in the `sentiment_result` variable. * `print(sentiment_result)` prints
the sentiment analysis result to the console. * `except Exception as e:
print(f"Error: {e}")` handles any exceptions that might occur during the
process. 5\. **Final print statement** * `print(json.loads(my_response)
["answer"])` this will load the json string of `my_response` and print out the
value of the key "answer". **Key Observations:** * The code is designed to use
the OpenAI Chat Completions API to perform sentiment analysis. * A placeholder
API key (`dummy_api_key`) is used. * Error handling is included. * The code
within the string `my_response` is meant to be executed, which suggests this
code can be used to generate/execute code. ]image927√ó466 20.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/e/ae62c221a5f66faaa47d8b10c00b733a7b617d64.png
"image")

This is one more example of 2nd process without use of json.loads() it gave me
correct format for assignment portal answer:  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on the text and its structure: **Overall Structure** The image
contains Python code. It defines a string assigned to the key "answer" inside
a dictionary called `my_response`. This string contains a Python script which
defines a function called analyze_sentiment that uses the OpenAI API to
classify the sentiment of a given text. There is also a section to execute the
function if the script is run as the main program. **Key Code Segments** 1\.
**Imports:** * `import json` (used for handling JSON data). 2\.
**`my_response` Dictionary:** * This dictionary has one key: "answer". * The
value associated with "answer" is a multiline string containing the Python
code. 3\. **Python Code (Inside the "answer" string):** * `import httpx`
(imports the httpx library to make HTTP requests) * `def analyze_sentiment():`
* Defines a function named `analyze_sentiment`. * Constructs a JSON payload to
interact with the OpenAI Chat API. * `url =
"https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions"`: Defines the API endpoint. *
`headers`: Sets the HTTP headers for the request: * `"Authorization"`:
Includes a placeholder for the API key (`"Bearer dummy_api_key"`).
**Important:** In a real application, this should be replaced with a valid
OpenAI API key and never hardcoded. * `"Content-Type"`: Specifies that the
request body is in JSON format. * `data`: Constructs the JSON payload to send
to the OpenAI API. * `"model"`: Specifies which OpenAI model to use (set to
"gpt-40-mini"). * `"messages"`: An array containing two message objects: * One
with `"role": "system"` and `"content"` to instruct the model to classify
sentiment (GOOD, BAD, or NEUTRAL). * One with `"role": "user"` and `"content"`
with a string to analyze, `P513P1xw aE WvYHB6zc5xB SY4QzV 0bM8tDP7e o MOG4R9`.
* `response = httpx.post(url, json=data, headers=headers)`: Sends an HTTP POST
request to the OpenAI API with the constructed JSON data and headers. *
`response.raise_for_status()`: Checks if the response status code indicates an
error (e.g., 400, 500). If so, it raises an exception. * `result =
response.json()`: Parses the JSON response from the OpenAI API. * `return
result`: Returns the parsed JSON result. * `# Execute the function and print
the result` * `if __name__ == "__main__":` * Executes code only when the
script is run directly (not imported as a module). * `try:` Sets up a
`try...except` block for error handling. * `sentiment_result =
analyze_sentiment()`: Calls the `analyze_sentiment` function and stores the
result. * `print(sentiment_result)`: Prints the result obtained from the
OpenAI API. * `except Exception as e:` * `print(f"Error: {e}")`: If any
exception occurs during the process (e.g., network error, invalid API key), it
catches the exception and prints an error message. 4\.
**`print(my_response["answer"])`:** * This line is outside the string literal.
It attempts to print the string value associated with the key "answer" in the
`my_response` dictionary. However, because this "answer" string contains
Python code, printing it would simply output the code as a string. It would
*not* execute the code within the string. **Key Features & Observations** *
**API Key:** The code includes `"Bearer dummy_api_key"`. This is a placeholder
and needs to be replaced with a valid OpenAI API key for the code to work. *
**Error Handling:** The `try...except` block is present to handle potential
errors during API calls. * **OpenAI API Interaction:** The code makes a call
to the OpenAI Chat API to perform sentiment analysis. * **`\n` Escape
Sequences:** The code heavily uses `\n` (newline characters) to format the
code within the string. This is because the code itself is stored as a single
string within the dictionary. * **String Formatting:** There is f-string
formatting used in the error handling `print(f"Error: {e}")`. * **"P513P1xw aE
WvYHB6zc5xB SY4QzV 0bM8tDP7e o MOG4R9"**: This is the text that will be
analyzed by the analyze_sentiment function. In summary, the image shows a
Python program that constructs a dictionary holding a string that represents
code. This code interacts with the OpenAI API for sentiment analysis but has a
placeholder API key and is embedded as a raw string. ]image984√ó476 19.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/8/f80d8908109db818e5664f5565bf0a6006055001.png
"image")


---
### Trebhuvan SB (2025-03-29T06:48:44.746Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
The vercel api question in GA2, does the endpoint that we give you have to be
a vercel url or just hosting it in anyway is alright?


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-29T06:57:41.693Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) the field name ‚Äúfile‚Äù would remain same, I
mean it won‚Äôt be ‚Äúfiles‚Äù right?


---
### Ripusudan Kumar Jha  (2025-03-29T09:51:40.049Z)

I am trying to create a student account on Microsoft Azure using my IIT Madras
email ID (**23f2004705@ds.study.iitm.ac.in**), but I am encountering an issue.
The system is showing a message that my email domain is not currently
registered with them, and it is asking me to use another verification method.

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Could you please guide me on how
to proceed with the verification or if there is an alternative method to
access Azure‚Äôs student benefits?  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout and Context:** The image appears to be a screenshot from a
web page, specifically a Microsoft Azure login or verification process. The
top part of the screen shows the "Microsoft Azure" logo and the user's email
address ("23I2004705@ds.study.iitm.ac.in") along with a "Sign out" option. The
main content area focuses on "Academic Verification." **Textual Content:** *
**Error Message:** At the top of the main content area, a message states,
"Your email domain is not currently registered with us. You can choose another
verification method." This indicates that the user's school domain is not
recognized in the Azure system, and they need to explore alternative
verification methods. * **Heading:** The central heading is "Academic
Verification." This signifies that the user is attempting to verify their
academic status for access to certain resources or services within Azure. *
**Instructions:** Below the heading are instructions: "Start by entering your
name as per the school records. Select your school's country and enter your
school's name. Enter your date of birth as per the school records. The email
address may be used to reach you if we have trouble verifying your
application, so please enter your school provided email address." These
instructions outline the required steps for the academic verification process.
It emphasizes the importance of matching school records. **Key Features:** *
**Microsoft Azure Branding:** The presence of the Microsoft Azure logo
indicates that this verification process is tied to Microsoft's cloud
platform. * **Email Address Display:** The email address displayed is likely
the one used to attempt login or verification. * **Verification
Instructions:** The detailed instructions highlight the importance of
providing accurate information related to school records (name, country,
school name, date of birth, and school-provided email address). **Overall
Interpretation:** The image shows an academic verification page within
Microsoft Azure where the user's school email domain is not recognized. The
user needs to provide additional information for verification, ensuring that
the information matches the school's records. ]Screenshot 2025-03-29
1458011891√ó451 158 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/f/9f0e2072693618d5cd332ef83c26690fdcdcf688.png
"Screenshot 2025-03-29 145801")


---
### Aayush Krishna  (2025-03-29T09:57:08.697Z)

Same goes with me also when I try for Academic Verification .  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Please look into it .


---
### Shashikumar Kohir (2025-03-29T10:30:07.020Z)

sir im having the same issue, i have tried so many times.  
sir azure was asking me to fill in the last name which i didnt register in my
academic records.  
i have just used my first name while starting this course . can this be a
problem while verifying this azure bcz it says last names field is must to
fill in. [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
sir if the last name was not the issue then pls find us a soln as soon as
possible bcz the deadline is in just two days ‚Ä¶  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content,
focusing on the text and layout: **Overall Layout** The image appears to be a
form within a webpage or application. It's designed for "Academic
Verification." It's likely part of a registration or sign-up process. The form
requires user input for several fields. **Textual Elements** * **Header:**
"Your email domain is not currently registered with us. You can choose another
verification method." - This indicates the user's email domain hasn't been
pre-approved, and they can explore alternative verification options. *
**Title:** "Academic Verification" - This clearly states the purpose of the
form. * **Instructions:** A paragraph explains the form's purpose: "Start by
entering your name as per the school records. Select your school's country and
enter your school's name. Enter your date of birth as per the school records.
The email address may be used to reach you if we have trouble verifying your
application, so please enter your school provided email address." * **Form
Fields and Labels:** * "First name" - The field has been filled with
"shashikumar". * "Last name" - The field is currently empty. There's a
validation message indicating "This field is required". * "Country" - A
dropdown menu is selected, displaying the country "India". There's a message
below it saying, "If your country is not listed, the offer is not available in
your region. Learn More" with "Learn More" likely being a clickable link. *
"School name" - The field has been filled with "Indian Institute Of Technology
Madras (Chennai, Tamil Nadu)". There's additional descriptive text underneath
it stating, "School name will help provide Microsoft with additional
information for verification. If available, please enter it here." * "Date of
birth" **Other visual elements:** * There's a dropdown arrow associated with
the "Country" field, indicating more options are available. **In summary, the
image shows an Academic Verification form with fields for first name, last
name, country, school name, and date of birth, indicating the user needs to
provide their personal and academic information for verification.**]tds972√ó906
12.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/2/62ee0c46d695fa20ee1b8f1f3db4569eb27c6751.png
"tds")


---
### Pritul Santosh Raut  (2025-03-29T10:42:53.631Z)

In Web Scrapping Question The Website will change or it will be same website
but the parameters will change of scrapping?
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Shashikumar Kohir (2025-03-29T11:08:48.881Z)

bro ur also direct entry diploma student? bcz im also having the same issu..  
i guess the direct entry to diploma students have this problem in comman


---
### Peter Paul Pooppally (2025-03-29T11:30:48.076Z)

Was the project hosting session recording posted? Carlton sir said he would
post it. [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-29T14:47:50.235Z)

Hi [@lakshaygarg654](/u/lakshaygarg654)  
In both the scenarios you laid out, the second implementation is correct. Your
response to our API request should be a JSON object `{"answer" : "YOUR
RESPONSE AS STRING"}`. In any case the value of the `"answer"` key should be a
string.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-29T14:49:52.418Z)

Hosting it anywhere is fine. Try to deploy on vercel first, if that doesn‚Äôt
succeed you can use any other hosting technique.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-29T14:57:58.480Z)

This is a basic prototype function we would be using to send requests to your
URL.

    
    
    def run(question, file_path):
        url = "http://127.0.0.1:8080/api"
        questions = {'question': question}
        files = [
            ('file', open("abcd.zip", 'rb')),
            ('file', open("dcba.img", 'rb'))
        ]
        response = requests.post(url, data=questions, files=files)
        return response
    

or

    
    
    curl -X POST "http://127.0.0.1:8080/api" \
      -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
      -F "question=question" \
      -F "file=@abcd.zip" \
      -F "file=@dcba.img"
    

_**NOTE** : This is not the evaluation script._


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-29T15:08:10.119Z)

HI [@ripusudan](/u/ripusudan)  
This has been a problem with all direct entry students. Unfortunately, there
is no way we can help you with this problem. The best way out is asking a
friend who is not a TDS student for this term to create a Azure VM for you.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-29T16:33:31.714Z)

Yes the websites would be the same.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-03-29T16:35:24.959Z)

[Image could not be described] Saransh_Saini:

> This is a basic prototype function we would be using to send requests to
> your URL.
>  
>  
>     def run(question, file_path):
>         url = "http://127.0.0.1:8080/api"
>         questions = {'question': question}
>         files = [
>             ('file', open("abcd.zip", 'rb')),
>             ('file', open("dcba.img", 'rb'))
>         ]
>         response = requests.post(url, data=questions, files=files)
>         return response
>  

I couldn‚Äôt find this function on the Project Doc and I made the project based
on the curl function calling.

[Image could not be described] Saransh_Saini:

>
>     curl -X POST "http://127.0.0.1:8080/api" \
>       -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
>       -F "question=question" \
>       -F "file=@abcd.zip" \
>       -F "file=@dcba.img"
>  

At this moment it can‚Äôt be changed as I am occupied with other things. Please
keep the question parameter as ‚Äúquestion‚Äù and file parameter as ‚Äúfile‚Äù in the
evaluation which is on the Project 2 page and the content type as
multipart/form-data.

To clarify if I can handle any one of these 2 methods, I will be fine?

Edit:  
Just now discovered that the field names are indeed ‚Äúquestion‚Äù and ‚Äúfile‚Äù only
in both the cases. Sorry for the oversight.

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-29T22:01:16.469Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
I have a few queries. Even a yes/no response for each would suffice.

GA1:  
Q13 - Use GitHub: Since the parameter is just my email, this question _WILL
NOT_ be tested against any other email, right? So I can just have a repo with
my email in it, right?

GA2:  
Q2 - Compress an image: Should my app‚Äôs response be like this

    
    
    {
         "answer": "base64_encoding_of_compressed_image"
    }
    

Q3 - Host your portfolio on GitHub Pages, Q7 - Create a GitHub action, Q8 -
Push an Image to Docker Hub: Similar to GA1 Q13, these too have my email or
roll number as parameter. These too **WILL NOT** be checked against any other
email, right?

GA3:

Can you please give an example of how questions of this GA will be sent in the
request, especially any of Q1 or Q2 or Q5 or Q6 or Q7 or Q8 which have code-
blocks containing text crucial to the question? I just want to decide whether
regex or function-calling would be more appropriate here.

GA4:

The links to the website are hyperlinks in the questions. When the question
will be sent to my app, will the link of the website to be scraped be written
as a full link in the question itself or will it be sent in some other way?

GA5:

No particular questions at the moment.

Please help me out by answering these asap


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-29T22:37:00.167Z)

if you use github student account then no need to verfiy this and you can
directly verify through github student account and got credit i think 150
dollar so you can chose this path also


---
### Rajalakshmi Rathinasabhapathy (2025-03-29T22:38:39.118Z)

Hello [@22f3001307](/u/22f3001307), there is an error in the code that needs
to be fixed as part of the question:  
image = Image.open(list(files.upload().keys)[0]  
with  
image = Image.open(list(files.upload().keys())[0])


---
### Ripusudan Kumar Jha  (2025-03-30T00:52:30.182Z)

Sir but i am not a direct entry students


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-30T03:04:53.579Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
As per your reply time, I was in TDS session at that time.  
And asked same doubt, [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) said 1st implementation they will
use. :sweat_smile:

[Session
link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ftan66I-2BlfDzVkOfdQcyeTwEXZM8wD/view?usp=drivesdk)
( watch at 26:55)

Kindly clarify this.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-30T05:45:35.766Z)

What Jivraj agreed was stringifying the answer and putting it in as the value
of the `"answer"` key in the JSON object.  
`{ "answer" : "YOUR_STRINGIFIED_ANSWER" }`

Just check the Project 2 page on the portal. It‚Äôs clearly mentioned a JSON
object has to sent not a strigified version of the entire JSON object.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content: The
image shows a code prompt or instruction, likely from an online assignment or
coding tutorial. The prompt is designed to guide the user on how to structure
their response. Key elements include: * **Instructional Text:** The prominent
text reads: "The response must be a JSON object with a single text (string)
field: answer that can be directly entered in the assignment. For example:"
This sets the expectation that the user should provide a response formatted as
a JSON object with a specific "answer" field. * **JSON Example:** The image
includes a code block demonstrating the expected JSON format. The JSON object
has a single key-value pair: `"answer": "1234567890"`. This example shows that
the "answer" field should contain a string. * **JSON Label:** A small "json"
label is present above the code block, visually indicating the code's format.
* **Overall Style:** The image has a dark background with light-colored text,
a common theme in coding environments. The text and example code are clear and
easily readable. Essentially, this image is a clear, concise guide telling the
user how to structure their answer to a coding question in a specific JSON
format.]image1022√ó277 11.6 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/7/97431e22657cc9a42adad103a6f319aa037f9bf3.png
"image")


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-30T05:47:05.448Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) kindly add-in your thoughts on this.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-30T05:57:55.165Z)

Response from api should be a string, which if we load using json.loads it
should load json object with answer key.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-30T06:24:57.450Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** *
The image consists of a blue background with the letter "S" displayed in the
center. * The letter "S" is white or a very light blue, possibly with a
slightly blurred or soft-edged appearance. * The "S" appears to be in
lowercase. This is a simple image with only one prominent element: the letter
"S" against a blue backdrop.] 22f3000819:

> Q13 - Use GitHub: Since the parameter is just my email, this question _WILL
> NOT_ be tested against any other email, right? So I can just have a repo
> with my email in it, right?

Check with other student if they have a different email then it is a parameter
and can change.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: * **Content:**
The image shows a single letter "S" in a light-blue or white color against a
solid, darker blue background. * **Text:** The only text present is the letter
"S". It appears to be in a simple, sans-serif font. * **Color:** The letter
"S" is a light blue (almost white with a blue tint), and the background is a
darker, more saturated blue. * **Shape:** The shape is a standard "S" letter.
* **Focus:** The image is completely focused on the letter and the color
contrast between the letter and the background.] 22f3000819:

> Q2 - Compress an image: Should my app‚Äôs response be like this
>  
>  
>     {
>          "answer": "base64_encoding_of_compressed_image"
>  

This is correct, make sure you test decoding base64 string before deadline.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image displays a single character, the letter "S," rendered in a light,
possibly pastel blue or a slightly desaturated white against a solid, brighter
blue background. The "S" appears to be slightly blurred, giving it a soft or
diffused look. The background is a uniform, flat color. **Key features:** *
**Letter:** The central focus is the letter "S." * **Color:** The color
palette is blue-dominated, with a contrast between the lighter letter and the
darker background. * **Clarity:** The letter has a soft focus or blur effect.
* **Simplicity:** The image is very minimalist with only the letter and the
background. This information can be useful for answering questions such as: *
What letter is in the image? * What are the colors used? * Is the image clear
or blurred? * How many elements are there in the image?] 22f3000819:

> Q3 - Host your portfolio on GitHub Pages, Q7 - Create a GitHub action, Q8 -
> Push an Image to Docker Hub: Similar to GA1 Q13, these too have my email or
> roll number as parameter. These too **WILL NOT** be checked against any
> other email, right?

Same answer as Q13 GA1

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image shows a single letter "S" in a light blue or white color against a
solid, darker blue background. The letter is slightly blurred, giving it a
soft appearance. **Key Features:** * **Letter "S":** The primary element is
the letter "S," indicating that it may represent the initial of a word, a
symbol, or perhaps a starting point for something else. * **Color Contrast:**
The difference in color between the letter and the background makes it stand
out prominently. * **Blur:** The blur effect may serve a design purpose,
creating depth or drawing the viewer's eye to the character. * **Solid
Background:** The simple background prevents any distractions and highlights
the letter "S." This image could be related to branding, design, typography,
or be a visual representation of a single word that starts with the letter
"S."] 22f3000819:

> Can you please give an example of how questions of this GA will be sent in
> the request, especially any of Q1 or Q2 or Q5 or Q6 or Q7 or Q8 which have
> code-blocks containing text crucial to the question? I just want to decide
> whether regex or function-calling would be more appropriate her

We will take Q1 in this format, which is just copy pasting from portal```  
One of the test cases involves sending a sample piece of meaningless text:

    
    
    au7BK3 33 H 5   lKz6y4n  oQmbgoX 0  hNW3JH  68Q1u
    

Write a Python program that uses `httpx` to send a POST request to OpenAI‚Äôs
API to analyze the sentiment of this (meaningless) text into GOOD, BAD or
NEUTRAL. Specifically:

  1. Make sure you pass an Authorization header with dummy API key.
  2. Use `gpt-4o-mini` as the model.
  3. The first message must be a system message asking the LLM to analyze the sentiment of the text. Make sure you mention GOOD, BAD, or NEUTRAL as the categories.
  4. The second message must be **exactly** the text contained above.

This test is crucial for DataSentinel Inc. as it validates both the API
integration and the correctness of message formatting in a controlled
environment. Once verified, the same mechanism will be used to process genuine
customer feedback, ensuring that the sentiment analysis module reliably
categorizes data as GOOD, BAD, or NEUTRAL. This reliability is essential for
maintaining high operational standards and swift response times in real-world
applications.

**Note** : This uses a dummy `httpx` library, not the real one. You can only
use:

  1. `response = httpx.get(url, **kwargs)`
  2. `response = httpx.post(url, json=None, **kwargs)`
  3. `response.raise_for_status()`
  4. `response.json()`

    
    
    [quote="22f3000819, post:173, topic:169029"]
    The links to the website are hyperlinks in the questions. When the question will be sent to my app, will the link of the website to be scraped be written as a full link in the question itself or will it be sent in some other way?
    [/quote]
    
    [quote="22f3000819, post:173, topic:169029"]
    The links to the website are hyperlinks in the questions. When the question will be sent to my app, will the link of the website to be scraped be written as a full link in the question itself or will it be sent in some other way?
    [/quote]
    
    Full link will be part of question.


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-30T06:40:37.786Z)

Thanks for the help [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir


---
### umra (2025-03-30T07:17:00.486Z)

Dear Sir  
Is there any limite for request on tokens. because now my model does not
generate any output. for any question also not showing any error. could you
please explain.  
When i hit request on this (curl -X POST ‚Äú<http://localhost:8000/api/>‚Äù  
-H ‚ÄúContent-Type: multipart/form-data‚Äù   
-F "question=Let‚Äôs make sure you can write formulas in Google Sheets. Type this formula into Google Sheets. (It won‚Äôt work in Excel)

=SUM(ARRAY_CONSTRAIN(SEQUENCE(100, 100, 1, 9), 1, 10))  
What is the result?") this is not showing any kind of output or error not only
on this request any other also.


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-30T07:29:29.032Z)

As per the portal, we have to return a JSON object as a response from the API.
However, if we load a JSON object directly using `json.load()`, it will throw
an error. We need to first convert it into a JSON string and then load it
using `json.loads( )`. For clarity I add image below.

This question has been stretched for too long‚Äîit‚Äôs not that big.

I guess [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) is right.

[[Image could not be described]image562√ó700 23.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/8/e82e8179f7619de01201d2c52d72b62aedcb369c.png
"image")


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-03-30T07:56:14.480Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Hi,  
while trying to creating podman image of my application, it is being created
as 7.2GB file. Any idea what should i do?

Also, I can sign up for azure student pack, are there any way to deploy my
application?

Thanks


---
### DIGVIJAYSINH SANDEEPSINH CHUDASAMA (2025-03-30T09:19:40.261Z)

Subject: Request for Uniform Evaluation Process in Project 2 - TDS Solver.  
Hello [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) sir.  
We truly appreciate the effort you put into designing and evaluating our
graded assignments and projects. We understand that any five random questions
will be selected for evaluation, and we fully respect this approach.

However, we kindly request that the same set of five questions be used for all
students to ensure a uniform and unbiased evaluation process. This way, the
difficulty level remains consistent across all evaluations, providing a fair
assessment of our understanding.

Thank you for considering our request. We appreciate your guidance and
support.

Best regards,  
Digvijaysinh Chudasama.


---
### Sujay D (2025-03-30T09:59:07.453Z)

[[Image could not be described]image698√ó405 17.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/1/b1f766eb39c63ca0fa7f18224692d10600f5d407.png
"image")

  
For this question, The answer which we get is not same as the expected answer
which the portal fetch through proxy fetch  

[[Image description: Here's a description of the image content, focusing on
the code snippet: **Overall:** The image appears to be a screenshot of code,
likely JavaScript, related to fetching and parsing data from the IMDb website.
The code seems to be designed to extract information about titles (movies or
shows) based on user ratings. **Code Breakdown:** 1\. **`r > n && ((n, r) =
[r, n]);`:** This line likely swaps the values of variables `n` and `r` if `r`
is greater than `n`. This suggests `n` and `r` might represent rating ranges
or some kind of numerical bounds. 2\. **`let s, d = async g => { ... }`:**
This defines an asynchronous function `d` (likely for 'data fetching'). Inside
this function there is an assignment `g = "[\\\n {\\\n \"id\":
\"tt13406094\",\\\n \"title\": \"1. The White Lotus\", \\\n \"year\":
\"2021-\",\\\n \"rating\": \"8.0\"\\\n },\\\n {\\\n"` The content is likely
representing a JSON array of objects, with fields like "id", "title", "year",
and "rating". 3\. **`if (!s) { ... }`:** This `if` statement is triggered if
`s` is falsy (e.g., `null`, `undefined`, empty string). `s` is probably a flag
indicating if a valid search response was already received. 4\. **`let h =
await
fetch('/proxy/https://www.imdb.com/search/title/?user_rating=${r},${n}');`:**
This is a crucial line. It makes an HTTP request using the `fetch` API. * The
URL indicates it's searching IMDb for titles based on a `user_rating`
parameter which is constructed with the variables `r` and `n`. * The
`'/proxy/'` part suggests the request is being routed through a proxy, likely
to avoid CORS issues. 5\. **`if (h.ok) { s = await h.text(); } else { ...
}`:** This checks if the HTTP request was successful (`h.ok` being `true`). If
successful, it extracts the response text and assigns it to `s`. If not
successful, it throws an error: * `throw new Error('I wasn't able to get the
IMDb data to verify. Please try again. Response: ${h.status}
${h.statusText}')` 6\. **`let l = [...new DOMParser().parseFromString(s,
"text/html").querySelectorAll(".ipc-metadata-list-summary-item")]...`:** This
section parses the HTML response (stored in `s`) to extract relevant data. *
`new DOMParser().parseFromString(s, "text/html")`: Creates a DOM tree from the
HTML string. * `querySelectorAll(".ipc-metadata-list-summary-item")`: Selects
all elements with the class name "ipc-metadata-list-summary-item". This is how
the code identifies potential results from the IMDb search. * `.map(h => { ...
})`: Iterates through each selected element (likely representing a title). 7\.
**Data Extraction within the `.map()`:** * `let m = h.querySelector(".ipc-
title-link-wrapper").getAttribute("href").match(/(tt\d+)/)[1]` : Extracts the
IMDb ID. It searches for the element with class "ipc-title-link-wrapper", gets
the `href` attribute, uses a regular expression `/(tt\d+)/` to find a match
that starts with "tt" followed by digits, then takes the first captured group
(the actual ID). * `b = h.querySelector(".ipc-title__text").textContent`:
Extracts the title text. * `S = h.querySelector(".dli-title-metadata-
item").textContent`: Extracts metadata information. * `w =
h.querySelector(".ipc-rating-star--rating").textContent`: Extracts the rating.
8\. **`return { id: m, title: b, year: S, rating: w }`:** Finally, the
function returns an object containing the extracted `id`, `title`, `year`, and
`rating`. **In summary:** The code defines a function that: 1\. Fetches IMDb
search results based on user ratings. 2\. Parses the HTML of the search
results. 3\. Extracts the IMDb ID, title, year, and rating from each result.
4\. Returns the extracted information in an object. ]image733√ó201 38.2
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/0/e010f5c327843dec9c8f355ca5bc35830300c3f8.jpeg
"image")

  
let h = await fetch('/proxy/‚Ä¶) ------------> here  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir because of this mismatch we
have to edit manually after clicking check button again and again

please guide me how to solve this


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-30T10:44:49.743Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
I just wanted to bring to your attention that in GA4 question 2, the answer
evaluation script expects the movie title as ‚Äú17. Kraven: The Hunter‚Äù but it
is actually listed on the IMDb page as ‚Äú17. Kraven the Hunter‚Äù, resulting in
the correct one being marked wrong.  
No questions here just wanted to bring it to attention so that it does not
affect the project evaluation script.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-30T11:21:25.407Z)

Its unusual to have a docker container worth 7 GBs of space. Here is what you
can do

  * Remove unused libraries from your `requirements.txt`. Sometimes having resource demanding libraries like `SentenceTransformers` can install large sub-dependency packages.
  * Exclude your virtual environment folder from the container creation
  * Create a `.containerignore` file to have an exception for those folders you want to skip.
  * Clear your package cache and any vscode cache you might have.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-30T11:25:59.076Z)

Hi [@21f2000588](/u/21f2000588),  
Your concerns sound genuine and we will put this point up during our
discussion sessions. Whatever would be the decision we will inform you guys.  
Regards,  
Saransh Saini


---
### Shalini Saravanan (2025-03-30T13:33:47.907Z)

In the previous replies, you‚Äôve mentioned that for Github questions ‚Üí actions,
pages (GA2) that if the email changes for everyone it means that its
parameterised. However, in one of the live sessions this week, Carlton had
mentioned that for these questions, it wont be parameterised as this is very
individual specific. The same goes for the docker hub question of GA2 as well.
KIndly clarify on the same.

For GA2 Q9 ‚Üí I have given an input file via post request and my fastapi server
can handle get requests and its as follows. Kindly confirm if my url is good
to go for this specific question.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout:** The image is a screenshot of what appears to be a web-based API
testing tool or a documentation page for an API. It shows an interface for
making a `POST` request to an API endpoint and displays the server's response.
**Sections:** 1\. **Header:** * `POST /api Upload CSV`: Indicates the HTTP
method (POST) and the endpoint. It seems like the API endpoint is designed for
uploading CSV files. * A brief description: "Accept a CSV file and return
student data. Optional class filters via query string: /api?class=1A&class=1B"
2\. **Parameters:** * This section defines the parameters that can be passed
in the request. * `Name` and `Description` columns provide information about
each parameter. * `class`: Value is `1A` * `arraystring`: This appears to be
an array parameter with a value `1B`. It also has an option to add a string
item to the array. 3\. **Request Body:** * `file`: This is a required field
for uploading the CSV file. The `Choose File` button is visible, suggesting
that the user needs to select a file. `file-0:test.csv` has already been
chosen. * The "multipart/form-data" dropdown suggests the request's content
type. 4\. **Execute/Clear:** * `Execute`: Button to send the request. *
`Clear`: Button to clear the form and any entered data. * There's a progress
bar indicating that the request is being processed. 5\. **Responses:** * This
section displays the server's response to the API request. 6\. **CURL
Command:** * A `curl` command that replicates the same API request is
provided. It includes: * `-X "POST"`: Specifies the HTTP method as POST. * The
full URL with parameters `class=1A&class=1B` * Headers: * `-H "accept:
application/json"`: Specifies that the client expects a JSON response. * `-H
"Content-Type: multipart/form-data"`: Specifies the content type of the
request as multipart/form-data. * `-F "file=@test.csv;type=text/csv"`:
Specifies the file to be uploaded. 7\. **Request URL** * The exact request URL
being sent: `https://b3cc-223-178-84-140.ngrok-free.app/api?class=1A&class=1B`
8\. **Server Response:** * `Code`: Shows the HTTP status code, which is `200`
(OK). * `Response body`: Contains a JSON array of "students". Each student
object includes `studentId` and `class` properties: * Example: `{"studentId":
233, "class": "1B"}` * Example: `{"studentId": 344, "class": "1A"}` **Key
Observations:** * The API is for uploading student data from a CSV file. * The
API allows filtering students by class using the `class` parameter in the
query string. * The response includes a JSON array of student objects, each
containing their ID and class. * The tool provides the `curl` command
equivalent of the request, making it easy to reproduce the request from a
command line. * The API is running on an `ngrok` tunnel, which suggests a
development or testing environment. ]image1932√ó1748 225
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/e/3e7a25395a022241598f1dadada2c71d31ae491e.png
"image")

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-30T14:00:31.751Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Sir, in GA4 Question 7, the portal gives the boundary of ultra-new user as the
exact time when it was opened, right?  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Top
Section:** * **Bullet Points:** The image begins with three bullet points
outlining key objectives or strategies. * **Competitive Intelligence:**
Focuses on staying updated with emerging trends in local developer communities
and adjusting talent acquisition strategies. * **Efficiency:** Highlights
automating repetitive data collection to free recruiters for engagement and
relationship-building. * **Data-Driven Decisions:** Emphasizes leveraging
standardized and reliable data for strategic business decisions in recruitment
and market research. **Middle Section:** * **Input Prompt:** This section asks
for a date input, specifically the date (in ISO 8601 format, with an example
"2024-01-01T00:00:00Z") when the newest user joined GitHub. There is an input
field provided after the prompt. **Bottom Section:** * **Search Parameters:**
Describes the search parameters to use when retrieving data about GitHub
users. * It instructs to search using "location:" and "followers: filters." *
Sort the results by "joined descending" (newest first). * Fetch the first
"url". * Enter the "created_at" field. * Ignore ultra-new users * **Exclusion
Criteria:** It provides an exclusion criterion: "Ignore ultra-new users who
JUST joined, i.e. after 3/30/2025, 7:21:18 PM." The date 3/30/2025, 7:21:18 PM
is the cutoff date for considering a user "ultra-new."]image1602√ó275 34.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/1/912aea18fd5f3ba6ceaa9ee01db45fe4b90932cd.png
"image")

  
So, will this boundary for ultra-new user be sent as parameter in the question
or can my app use datetime.now() to set the ultra-new user boundary?


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-30T14:54:39.656Z)

Hi [@22f3000819](/u/22f3000819)  
Thanks for bringing this into light, we‚Äôll keep this in mind while creating
the evaluation script.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-30T15:27:51.667Z)

This will be sent as a parameter in along with the API request.


---
### DIGVIJAYSINH SANDEEPSINH CHUDASAMA (2025-03-30T15:28:05.675Z)

Okay sure, thank you so much. I hope you take this into consideration.  
Thanks and Regards  
Digvijaysinh Chudasama


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-03-30T16:19:01.809Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
For GA4, Q9 on Tabula - Tabula requires Java Runtime to install. How to deploy
it on Vercel?


---
### Vinil (2025-03-30T17:06:06.957Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

Please give us some clarification on this query


---
### Harsh jayswal (2025-03-30T17:08:00.391Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton)
please give us some clarification on this query.


---
### SUNAY LAHIRI (2025-03-30T17:08:34.949Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) please clarify


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-03-30T17:08:50.206Z)

please provide clarification on this as deadline is close.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) ,
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-03-30T17:09:49.008Z)

[@jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
same issue‚Ä¶ What are your final thoughts?


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-30T18:36:45.249Z)

sir GA10 i have designed it as this output of that quesiton is Successfully
reconstructed the image. Saved to: E:\data science
tool\GA5\output\reconstructed_jigsaw.png

is this correct or we have to show image directory or folder or image


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-30T18:37:46.661Z)

You have to return the image output as base64 encoded data


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-30T18:41:02.357Z)

[[Image could not be described]reconstructed_jigsaw500√ó500 476
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/2/c24da9c6f92ce75b74b1bfada887edbf2335fafd.png
"reconstructed_jigsaw")

  
through this i got this image in my file output directly  
and is your internal server capable of extracted from given location or we
have to handle this internally


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-30T18:48:14.413Z)

I am going to clarify this once and for all  
The response should be a **JSON Object** with the value of the `"answer"` key
as a string.

    
    
    { "answer" : "YOUR_ANSWER_AS_STRING" }
    

This is the way we are expecting your responses.  
However, due to the heavy confusion among students and will be considering
responses with entire JSON objects stringified. We don‚Äôt want anyone to loose
their marks for such a miniscule error.  
So,

    
    
    "{\"answer\": \"YOUR_ANSWER\"}"
    

is also valid.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-30T18:51:29.134Z)

means {‚Äòanswer‚Äô:‚ÄòE://data science too//GA5/output/vicky.jpg‚Äô} right or we have
to do you said output as base64


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-30T18:51:45.855Z)

[@Algsoch](/u/algsoch) We should receive your images as base64 encoded within
your response JSON object.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-30T18:53:35.190Z)

No, we won‚Äôt be able to access your images from your local machine address.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-30T18:57:21.965Z)

i cannot use github as file goes to 18gb what is solution for it as you are
asking for github  
but i created repo there is only main file vicky_server.py,copy_tds.py  
can you explain how to solve this problem and i will use ngrok so we have to
open that till you check and how i know that you will check my api that time
or when  
as vercel don‚Äôt supported it


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-30T23:47:44.092Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
Sir, I have an issue in GA5 Q3

What is the number of successful GET requests for pages under **/telugu/**
from **11:00** until before **20:00** on Mondays?

For this, I have used two python scripts to get the answer, one written
completely by me and another from someone else‚Äôs solution; both give the same
answer - **2698**

However, the portal says it‚Äôs incorrect. No modifications resulting in
different answer are being accepted either and the modifications themselves
seem to break the bounds of the question.

Please check the scripts and tell me where I am going wrong.

My script:

    
    
    import subprocess
    from datetime import datetime
    
    def isDay(dtobj, day):
      return dtobj.weekday() == day
    
    def isTime(dtobj, l, u):
      return l <= dtobj.hour < u
    
    step1 = subprocess.run("cat data | grep -i 'GET /telugu/'", capture_output=True, shell=True, text=True)
    subprocess.run("rm -f forstep2.txt", shell=True)
    with open('forstep2.txt', 'a') as f:
      for line in step1.stdout.splitlines():
        try:
          status = int(line.split()[8])
        except Exception as e:
          status = 400
        if 200 <= status < 300:
          f.write(line + '\n')
    step2 = subprocess.run("cat forstep2.txt | cut -d ' ' -f4", capture_output=True, shell=True, text=True)
    count = 0
    for line in step2.stdout.splitlines():
      log_datetime = datetime.strptime(line.strip('['), "%d/%b/%Y:%H:%M:%S")
      if(isDay(log_datetime, 0) and isTime(log_datetime, 11, 20)):
        count += 1
    
    count
    

I had extracted and uploaded the `data` after extraction using gzip into colab
and then executed the script.

The other script:

    
    
    import pandas as pd
    import gzip
    import re
    import os
    from datetime import datetime
    import hashlib
    from google.colab import files
    
    # Function to compute SHA-256 hash
    def compute_hash(text):
        return hashlib.sha256(text.encode()).hexdigest()
    
    # Function to parse Apache log entries
    def parse_log_line(line):
        log_pattern = (r'^(\S+) (\S+) (\S+) \[(.*?)\] "(\S+) (.*?) (\S+)" (\d+) (\S+) "(.*?)" "(.*?)" (\S+) (\S+)$')
        match = re.match(log_pattern, line)
        if match:
            return {
                "ip": match.group(1),
                "time": match.group(4),
                "method": match.group(5),
                "url": match.group(6),
                "protocol": match.group(7),
                "status": int(match.group(8)),
                "size": match.group(9),
                "referer": match.group(10),
                "user_agent": match.group(11),
                "vhost": match.group(12),
                "server": match.group(13)
            }
        return None
    
    # Upload file
    uploaded = files.upload()
    file_path = list(uploaded.keys())[0]  # Get uploaded file name
    
    # Load and parse the log file
    def load_logs(file_path):
        if not os.path.exists(file_path):
            print(f"Error: File '{file_path}' not found.")
            return pd.DataFrame()
    
        parsed_logs = []
        with gzip.open(file_path, 'rt', encoding='utf-8') as f:
            for line in f:
                parsed_entry = parse_log_line(line)
                if parsed_entry:
                    parsed_logs.append(parsed_entry)
        return pd.DataFrame(parsed_logs)
    
    # Convert time format
    def convert_time(timestamp):
        return datetime.strptime(timestamp, "%d/%b/%Y:%H:%M:%S %z")
    
    df = load_logs(file_path)
    
    if not df.empty:
        df["datetime"] = df["time"].apply(convert_time)
        df["day_of_week"] = df["datetime"].dt.strftime('%A')
        df["hour"] = df["datetime"].dt.hour
    
        # Filter conditions
        filtered_df = df[
            (df["method"] == "GET") &
            (df["url"].str.startswith("/telugu/")) &
            (df["status"] >= 200) & (df["status"] < 300) &
            (df["day_of_week"] == "Monday") &
            (df["hour"] >= 11) &
            (df["hour"] < 20)
        ]
    
        # Compute hash of the result
        result_hash = compute_hash(str(len(filtered_df)))
    
        # Output the count and hash
        print("Successful GET requests for /telugu/ on Mondays (11:00-7:59 AM):", len(filtered_df))
    else:
        print("No log data available for processing.")
    

Both give the same output: 2698. Please help me identify the error, if any.


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-03-31T00:52:32.760Z)

can anyone help me ,  

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-03-31 0645381172√ó815 101
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/4/54ccbabc6319ac27f5ea3495a8e4224c9104c87b.png
"Screenshot 2025-03-31 064538")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Structure:** The image shows a form field for "School email address". **Text
Elements:** * The prompt or label above the input field reads: "School email
address". * The actual email address that's filled in the input field is:
"21f3002277@ds.study.iitm.ac.in". **Object/Form Features:** * There's a
rectangular, light gray box that represents the input field where the email
address is entered. It has a thin gray outline to indicate that it is a form
field.]Screenshot 2025-03-31 064552913√ó119 3.63 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/c/5caf6ab37f4494ba32c8d50ccfae06cf4004990f.png
"Screenshot 2025-03-31 064552")


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-03-31T02:12:41.365Z)

Hi,  
i deployed the application the application in render. It is free for 750 hours
per month. But it is saying if the application is inactive mode, it will be go
spin-off mode and take some 50 seconds to respond to the first query from
inactive mode.  
is that ok?  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Parmeet Singh (2025-03-31T02:35:29.417Z)

do we have additional sample question request formats available then what is
listed on the project description page? kindly assist. thank you.


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-03-31T02:59:23.551Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image shows a portion of a web form related to
configuring inbound port rules for a virtual machine (likely within a cloud
computing environment like Microsoft Azure). The title is "Inbound port
rules". **Text Elements:** * **Title:** "Inbound port rules" *
**Description:** "Select which virtual machine network ports are accessible
from the public internet. You can specify more limited or granular network
access on the Networking tab." * **Label:** "Public inbound ports \\*" (The
asterisk indicates a required field). * **Radio Buttons:** * "None" * "Allow
selected ports" * **Label:** "Select inbound ports \\*" (Another required
field). * **Dropdown Selection:** "SSH (22)" is currently selected. *
**Warning Message:** "This will allow all IP addresses to access your virtual
machine. This is only recommended for testing. Use the Advanced controls in
the Networking tab to create rules to limit inbound traffic to known IP
addresses." **Visual Elements:** * **Radio Buttons:** Two radio buttons are
present, allowing the user to choose between "None" or "Allow selected ports".
The "Allow selected ports" option is currently selected. * **Dropdown:** A
dropdown menu is used to select specific inbound ports. The current selection
is "SSH (22)". The dropdown likely contains other port options. * **Warning
Icon:** A yellow warning triangle icon (typical for warnings) precedes the
warning message. **Interpretation:** The form section allows users to
configure which ports on the virtual machine are open to public access. The
current settings allow SSH (port 22) access from any IP address, which the
warning message cautions against for production environments due to security
risks. The message suggests using more granular control within the "Networking
tab" to limit access to specific IP addresses.]Screenshot 2025-03-31
0748451267√ó351 16.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/0/702ca0c1c6718016588008430a88c204d85447ed.png
"Screenshot 2025-03-31 074845")

  
is the port is correct [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-31T03:31:01.373Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

Respected Sir,

We kindly request a one-day extension for Project 2, as we finished with vivas
and OPPE yesterday only. The circumstances this time have been more
challenging than in Project 1, making it difficult to meet the deadline.

We would be extremely grateful if you could consider this request. Your
support would be highly appreciated.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Best regards


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-03-31T03:35:17.574Z)

Yes please extend the deadline for project 2, as it was very lengthy and we
have other exams as well with that.  
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) ,  
[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) , [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### SUNAY LAHIRI (2025-03-31T04:03:08.650Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
Respected Sirs,  
Please consider the extension for Project 2 submission‚Ä¶


---
### Mohd Atif (2025-03-31T04:42:18.307Z)

Good morning sir,  
Could you please extend the deadline for Project 2 as today(31/03/2025) is the
last day of submission and it clashes with ‚ÄúEid al-Fitr‚Äù. I have small portion
of work left but it won‚Äôt be possible as there is frequent visit of guests and
friends. Could you please extend the deadline till 02/04/2025, this will give
us enough amount of time to complete the project after our festival.  
Thank you


---
### Shouvik Roy  (2025-03-31T04:51:01.571Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton), please this much support we deserve from you


---
### Lakshika Sheoran (2025-03-31T04:52:58.540Z)

Pls sir extend the deadline it‚Äôs very hectic schedule for all of us to
complete by today. [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Md anas alam (2025-03-31T05:02:37.667Z)

Sir, could you please extend the deadline by one day? I‚Äôm facing some issues
with deployment, and with Eid celebrations at home, it‚Äôs been a bit difficult
to manage everything. I would really appreciate your consideration. Thank you!  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Vidushi Singh (2025-03-31T05:17:03.447Z)

Sir many of us had OPPEs and Programming projects due this weekend and thus an
extension in the deadline will be helpful


---
### Aashutosh (2025-03-31T05:46:21.171Z)

hi sir. Im also on the same boat.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-31T06:00:34.319Z)

hello please say on ngrok i want to share ngrok method ‚Äò‚Äô but i have to open
all days right on


---
### Gursimar Singh Miglani (2025-03-31T06:53:04.484Z)

Hi. I got a new laptop and was wondering how to recover my AIPROXY token. How
do I get it? If I remember correctly it has something to do with my iiim email


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-03-31T07:23:38.044Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)

What is the request timeout for each question, especially for the question on
YouTube video transcription? I request the timeout to be at least 40-60
seconds as yt-dlp and faster-whisper take take to download the audio, load the
model and run it on cpu and get the transcription.  
For 259.7 to 351.8 seconds, it is taking around 1.5 mins, but it is giving the
correct answer.

So I request you to shorten the length of the audio or increase the request
timeout or both in moderation.

Question ‚Äî> the ‚Äúquestion‚Äù sent to the api will have the youtube video link,
right? Or since the video is same for everyone, can I just have the audio file
ready in the project? Will the api be tested against any YouTube video other
than the Mystery Story Audiobook link given in the GA question?

Edit: Even with a preprocessed audio file (mp3, speech optimized, 32K), what‚Äôs
taking the longest time is joining the transcribed sentences into a single
string. That alone is taking >50 seconds. Please suggest a way to make it
faster.

Regards,  
Shivaditya


---
### Trebhuvan SB (2025-03-31T07:42:54.921Z)

For the FastAPI type questions, my endpoints are like
<http://ip>:port/endpoint. But while testing using the portal it expects HTTPS
instead of http. But nothing of that sort is given in the question. Will the
evaluator also expect a https url or is a http url enough for it to hit the
endpoint?

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-31T08:54:56.530Z)

Yes we‚Äôll take that into consideration.


---
### MOHIT KUMAR (2025-03-31T09:01:12.431Z)

For GA 5 - Q10 - do we have to return base64 encoded image or the url of the
image?


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-03-31T09:01:50.464Z)

Base64 encoded string


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-03-31T09:04:15.646Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

q-vercel-python.json will be same or different?

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of instructions or a
tutorial related to deploying a Python application to Vercel. It presents a
problem statement and hints. **Textual Content:** The text is organized into
several parts: 1\. **Introduction:** * "Download this q-vercel-python.json
which has the marks of 100 imaginary students." 2\. **Task Description:** *
"Create and deploy a Python app to Vercel." * "Expose an API so that when a
request like https://your-app.vercel.app/api?name=X&name=Y is made, it returns
a JSON response with the marks of the names X and Y in the same order, like
this:" 3\. **Example JSON Response:** * `{"marks": [10, 20]}` This block of
text shows the expected format of the JSON response from the API. 4\. **CORS
Note:** * "Make sure you enable CORS to allow GET requests from any origin."
5\. **Vercel URL Hint:** * "What is the Vercel URL? It should look like:
https://your-app.vercel.app/api" 6\. **Actual Vercel URL:** * "https://vercel-
tds-one.vercel.app/api" This line shows a possible valid Vercel URL based on a
specific deployment. **Key Elements and Interpretation:** * **Vercel
Deployment:** The instructions are about deploying a Python app to the Vercel
platform. * **API Endpoint:** The goal is to create an API that takes `name`
parameters (e.g., "X", "Y") in a GET request. * **JSON Response:** The API
should return a JSON object with a "marks" key, and a list of marks
corresponding to the input names in the same order. * **CORS Requirement:**
The instructions emphasize enabling CORS to allow requests from any origin,
suggesting the API may be accessed from different domains or client-side
applications. * **URL Structure:** The final Vercel URL likely represents the
base URL of the deployed application and `/api` indicating the API endpoint.
In essence, the image provides a concise overview of a coding challenge
involving deploying a Python application to Vercel, creating a specific API
endpoint, and returning data in a structured JSON format, while also
addressing potential CORS issues. ]image1548√ó391 39.2
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/e/ae3db1558c1c853137da1bcaead90e53cd7b3e0e.png
"image")

Will the llamafile be same?  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall:** The image displays text instructions, likely related to setting
up and using the Llamafile model. It includes steps for downloading the model,
creating a tunnel with ngrok, and identifying the ngrok URL. **Text
Breakdown:** * **Download Llamafile.** This is the starting point. The word
"Llamafile" is hyperlinked (blue color). It indicates that the user needs to
download the `Llamafile`. * **Run the Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct.Q6\\_K.llamafile
model with it.** This implies the downloaded file contains a Llama 3.2-1B
instruction model and asks the user to run it with the downloaded file. *
**Create a tunnel to the Llamafile server using ngrok.** This step involves
setting up a secure tunnel using the ngrok service, which is likely to expose
the Llamafile server running locally. ngrok is also hyperlinked. * **What is
the ngrok URL? It might look like: https://\\[random].ngrok-free.app/** This
line asks the user to find the URL that ngrok generates for the tunnel. The
example URL structure is provided to give the user an idea of what to look
for. * **https://aafb-2405-201-4007-c068-eb1d-b640-5d42-2493.ngrok-free.app**
This is the actual ngrok URL. **Key Features & Observations:** *
**Instructions:** The image primarily consists of textual instructions, which
indicates it's likely part of a setup guide or tutorial. * **Hyperlinks:** The
words `Llamafile` and `ngrok` are hyperlinked. * **URL:** The image provides
an example URL. * **Purpose:** The image outlines steps to use the Llamafile
model. ]image780√ó221 21.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/7/d7cac5f5c3125be67b63fec21c325396bc97a549.png
"image")


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-31T09:35:03.763Z)

hello i want to know about this currently I am using approach like you provide
HTML page URL and my internal approach and run hidden value or you provide URL
website

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image is a screenshot of what appears to be a web interface or quiz
question. It contains: * **Textual Instructions:** * "Just above this
paragraph, there's a hidden input with a secret value." * "What is the value
in the hidden input?" * **Input Field:** A light grey rectangular area, likely
designed as a text input field where a user can enter text. This input field
is located just below the question. * **Button:** A blue "Check" button with
rounded corners. This suggests the user would enter their answer in the input
field and then click "Check" to verify their answer. **Inference:** The
question implies the existence of a hidden input field located somewhere on
the page, that isn't visually apparent. The challenge is likely for the user
to find the hidden input field and extract its value. The user would then type
this value into the provided input field and click the "Check" button to see
if they are correct.]image788√ó325 9.21 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/3/23abb4f175b7f92848319f114c914802eeef968b.png
"image")


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-31T09:40:34.965Z)

hello for this question i am using approach like initially i login and saved
seession now it is giving output like it login internally to website of
college ga1 and then find  

[[Image could not be described]image974√ó281 14.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/0/90ea58e29491f8701df814f3d251eaed4ba8b511.png
"image")


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-03-31T09:44:56.942Z)

I asked this question in the gmeet. They said html will be provided in the
question and u have to find the hidden input from there. Same for css
selectors


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-31T09:47:14.170Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall:** The
image shows a question related to SQL querying on a SQLite database table
named "tickets". **Database Table Description:** The "tickets" table has three
columns: * **type:** (likely a string) representing the type of ticket (e.g.,
"bronze", "Silver"). The table has mixed case for the types. * **units:**
(likely an integer) representing the number of tickets. * **price:** (likely a
decimal) representing the price per ticket. Each row in the table is a
customer bid for a concert ticket. **Data Example:** A small sample of the
table data is shown: * bronze, 297, 0.6 * Bronze, 673, 1.62 * Silver, 105,
1.26 * Silver, 82, 0.79 * SILVER, 121, 0.84 **Question:** The question asks:
"What is the total sales of all the items in the 'Gold' ticket type? Write SQL
to calculate it." **Key elements for answering the question:** * The name of
the table: "tickets" * The column names: "type", "units", "price" * The
desired ticket type: "Gold" * The need to calculate total sales (units *
price) * The need to handle possible variations in the type column case (e.g.,
"Gold", "gold", "GOLD") *NB* There is no "Gold" type ticket listed in the
sample data provided. ]image859√ó556 23 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/c/6c19d7b5ba8e0b48d16f52f1076797b58adbcdda.png
"image")

  
do you know answer of this that time i got answer


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-31T09:47:39.835Z)

but i got wrong answer


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-03-31T10:06:21.260Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
Could you please consider the above request for an extension? There are still
many updates needed, and the project is close to completion. I am confident
you will be pleased with the final results.


---
### Sengathirsoorian E T (2025-03-31T10:10:44.561Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image shows a graphical interface, likely for a web-based AI
tool called "AI Assignment Solver". The interface is designed with a simple,
modern style, featuring light blue and white text on a light purple
background. The layout is clean and user-friendly. **Text Elements:** * **"AI
Assignment Solver"**: This is the title, prominently displayed at the top,
indicating the purpose of the tool. * **"Upload a File"**: This subheading
suggests the ability to upload files for processing. * **"Choose File"**: A
button for selecting a file to upload. The associated text "No file chosen"
indicates that no file has been selected yet. * **"Upload"**: A button for
uploading the selected file. * **"No file uploaded."**: This text confirms
that no file has been uploaded to the system. * **"Ask a Question"**: A
subheading indicating a question-asking feature. * **"Enter your question
here"**: Placeholder text within a text input field, prompting the user to
type their question. * **"Submit"**: A button for submitting the question. *
**"Answer will appear here."**: Placeholder text indicating where the answer
to the question will be displayed. **Objects:** * **Buttons:** There are
clearly defined "Choose File", "Upload", and "Submit" buttons. * **Input
Field:** There's a text input field for the user to enter their question. *
**Display Area:** A designated area where the answer will be shown. *
**Rounded Rectangle:** All of these elements are set inside a rounded-corner
rectangle. **Features:** * **File Upload Functionality:** The interface has an
option to upload files, which suggests the tool can process or analyze
documents. * **Question Answering:** The tool includes a question-answering
functionality where users can type a question and receive an answer. * **Clear
Structure:** The layout is divided into sections for file uploads and question
submissions, with designated areas for input and output. **In summary,** the
image depicts the interface of an "AI Assignment Solver" tool, which allows
users to upload files and ask questions to solve assignments. The interface is
structured with areas to upload files, enter questions, and display answers.
]image439√ó459 28.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/4/345451fd5cce567ffc8d8a5a36c17cf144e049c5.png
"image")

  
Sir, I have created the frontend app like an html page with the fastapi
utilizing the chatgpt-o3 , instead of Api key. I managed to get api keys but
ended up in only text mining without file handing (not able to do multipart-
form data). So, I have made to use the model and designed a frontend which
also takes the input from the file uploaded, So, it will be ideal for
assignment solver, Isn‚Äôt it , Sir? [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Karthik_POD](/u/karthik_pod)


---
### Sengathirsoorian E T (2025-03-31T10:20:37.301Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Content:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a document or webpage,
likely related to financial calculations or data analysis, specifically
dealing with complaints or negative values. **Text Elements:** * **Lists of
Numbers:** There are several lists of negative numbers (with decimal places)
that seem to represent financial values. They start with "-2,400.00", and
include "-1,234.00", "-10,000.00", "-20.00", "-2,000.00", "-20,03,030.00" and
"-1,000.00" repeated multiple times. * **"Now, let's calculate the total:"**
This line indicates the start of a calculation phase. \- Followed by a second
set of negative values * **"Summing these values:"** This section shows the
addition of a new list of positive values. \- 1,233.00 + 56,767.00 + 2,400.00
+ 1,234.00 + 10,000.00 + 20.00 + 2,000.00 + 2,003,030.00 + 5,000.00 =
2,073,684.00 * **"Thus, the total value of complaints is **2,073,684.00**."**
This is the conclusion, stating the calculated total value of complaints.
**Key Observations:** * The image seems to illustrate how a total "value of
complaints" is calculated by summing up a series of individual values
(presumably related to each complaint). * The presence of negative numbers
(indicated by the - symbol) suggests either withdrawals, losses, or
deductions. * The calculation is performed using a list of positive numbers.
**In summary, the image presents a calculation showing how individual
complaint values are summed to reach a total complaint value.** ]image643√ó576
36.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/8/4814907cdcba8ac45921a9b27f50883ecbcde10c.png
"image")

  
This is the output Sir [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Karthik_POD](/u/karthik_pod) .
Also my project-1 has not been scored .. till now .. Please review that also.
[Project 2 - TDS Solver - Discussion Thread -
#240](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-tds-solver-
discussion-thread/169029/240)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-31T10:34:51.168Z)

Hi [@22f3000370](/u/22f3000370)  
We appreciate the efforts you have put in. But, for the project we aren‚Äôt
expecting a full-stack app with an integrated frontend. We just need an API
endpoint on which we would be able to send requests in the given format. For
more info check the TDS course page. [Tools in Data
Science](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/project-2)


---
### Harsh Jaiswal (2025-03-31T10:42:25.636Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) Is answer in this form acceptable..  

[[Image could not be described]image2726√ó1489 463
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/1/214f621511c83fa1983bcab693d2e00a5de2564a.png
"image")


---
### VIKASH PRASAD (2025-03-31T10:51:38.767Z)

what is the problem in my Dockerfile it‚Äôs not working and crashing my system

    
    
    # Use Ubuntu 22.04 as the base image
    FROM ubuntu:22.04
    
    # Set environment variables
    ENV PYTHON_VERSION=3.11
    
    # Install system dependencies
    RUN apt-get update && apt-get install -y \
        python3.11 \
        python3-pip \
        python3-dev \
        git \
        curl \
        wget \
        ffmpeg \
        imagemagick \
        build-essential \
        libpq-dev \
        && rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/*
    
    # Ensure python3.11 is the default python version
    RUN ln -sf /usr/bin/python3.11 /usr/bin/python
    
    # Install NodeJS
    RUN curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_22.x -o nodesource_setup.sh && \
        bash nodesource_setup.sh && \
        apt-get install -y nodejs && \
        node -v && \
        npm install -g prettier@3.4.2
    
    
    # Copy dependencies file first to leverage caching
    COPY re.txt ./
    
    # Install Python dependencies
    RUN pip install --no-cache-dir -r re.txt
    
    # Install `uv` package manager from Astral
    COPY --from=ghcr.io/astral-sh/uv:latest /uv /uvx /bin/
    
    # Create and set working directory
    WORKDIR /app
    
    # Copy application files
    COPY main.py .
    COPY llm_functions.py .
    COPY llm_tools_functions_calls.py .
    COPY server.py .
    
    # Set default command to start the FastAPI server with `uv`
    CMD ["uv", "run", "main.py"]
    
    

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Sahil Raj  (2025-03-31T11:11:00.092Z)

[[Image could not be described]image1454√ó433 30.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/6/061c7cd1be2fa69ae6ce13bb706c938540441bac.png
"image")

  
I have deployed the project on render so the first request in evaluation takes
around 50 to 60 second is that okay


---
### Lovepreet Singh (2025-03-31T11:14:44.705Z)

I deployed my API using Railway.app, but Jio ISP is blocking requests to
`.up.railway.app`. I tested it with five other ISPs, and the API endpoint
works perfectly. Could you please consider that some ISPs may be blocking
certain domains?

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-03-31T11:32:36.061Z)

Error code: 401 - {‚Äòerror‚Äô: {‚Äòmessage‚Äô: ‚ÄòYour authentication token is not from
a valid issuer.‚Äô, ‚Äòtype‚Äô: ‚Äòinvalid_request_error‚Äô, ‚Äòparam‚Äô: None, ‚Äòcode‚Äô:
‚Äòinvalid_issuer‚Äô}}

This error is persisting despite many attempts.


---
### Sahil Raj  (2025-03-31T12:02:41.780Z)

you have given diffrent variable name in environment and in app


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-03-31T12:23:14.636Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Can you pls confirm on timeline  
since azure take money so till when do we have to turn on our deployment
portal services


---
### Parthiv (2025-03-31T12:53:01.396Z)

Also if we are using ngrok , how long do we have to keep it running


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-31T13:11:58.346Z)

Yup, this is correct. All we need is the JSON object.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-31T13:16:16.859Z)

We‚Äôll try to keep this in consideration while developing the evaluation
script. But to be on the safer side keep sending requests to your server on
such intervals that it doesn‚Äôt go inactive.


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-03-31T13:26:00.701Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

#### Please extend the deadline for TDS Project 2. The MAD 1 project and two
OPPEs have taken up all my time. I have completed my TDS project up to the
Week 3 assignment solutions, and only two weeks remain to complete Weeks 4 and
5.

[Image could not be described]


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-03-31T13:30:11.134Z)

We won‚Äôt be able to extend deadline, if we do, then evaluations will get
delayed.


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-03-31T13:36:44.642Z)

I completely understand the need to keep evaluations on schedule. In that
case, would it be possible to grant just a one-day extension? I‚Äôve completed
up to Week 3 and just need a little extra time to wrap up Weeks 4 and 5
properly. A single day would really help me submit a more polished project
without causing significant delays


---
### MOHIT KUMAR (2025-03-31T14:10:05.571Z)

I think it should be given many had their OPPE also


---
### Vishal Baraiya (2025-03-31T14:15:27.489Z)

Sir, please reply. Otherwise, all my hard work up to Week 3 assignment will go
to waste.


---
### Swati Kapoor (2025-03-31T14:17:32.957Z)

Even Im getting the same error. Did you find a resolution for this?


---
### Nihar Panse (2025-03-31T14:20:23.884Z)

are you sure api requests are going through the IITM AI Proxy and not OpenAI
directly?


---
### NamanBeri (2025-03-31T14:41:40.040Z)

I am facing this issue can any one help

[[Image description: The image shows an error message displayed on a web page,
indicating a problem with a serverless function. Here's a breakdown of the
content: * **Error Type:** The error is a "500: INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR". *
**Cause:** The error code specifies "FUNCTION\\_INVOCATION\\_FAILED", meaning
the attempt to run a serverless function was unsuccessful. * **Platform:** The
error message is likely from Vercel, indicated by the line "Vercel is working
correctly". * **Status:** The web page also confirms "Your connection is
working correctly". * **Identification:** The error includes a unique
identifier (ID) string: "`bom1::48ghr-1743430791127-d99a1b77819a`". * **User
Instructions:** * For visitors: Contact the website owner or try again later.
* For the owner: Learn how to fix the error and check the logs. * **Overall:**
The image depicts a common server-side error (500) specific to a serverless
function platform, providing some diagnostic information and next steps for
both visitors and the website owner.]image717√ó572 25.9
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/0/305235a24932cb3f94ca76430d58fe8106f0d2ee.png
"image")


---
### Neelakandan R (2025-03-31T15:00:04.920Z)

Please check the logs.


---
### Arun  P (2025-03-31T15:01:08.449Z)

Hi [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) and [@carlton](/u/carlton) Sir,  
It would be really great if the deadline for submission could be extended by
one more day. While we understand your reasons, we kindly request you to
consider our situation as well.


---
### Gursimar Singh Miglani (2025-03-31T15:08:14.274Z)

Trailing Slash redirect error (Used next.js)


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-31T15:19:51.532Z)

Questions that have access hidden divs, how would the parameters be provided  
? [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-31T15:24:31.903Z)

Sometimes the server shuts down, what would happen then? [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-03-31T15:33:24.325Z)

For this the HTML file would be provided to you and you have to find the given
element.


---
### Bhargav Chavda (2025-03-31T15:53:03.974Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) can you provide us the time frame for
evaluation so that we know when to run ngrok. Vercel isn‚Äôt an option right now
as i‚Äôm having issues deploying.


---
### Md anas alam (2025-03-31T16:05:20.764Z)

Sir, I sincerely request an extension of the deadline by just one day. I have
completed the coding part, but I am facing some issues with the deployment of
the project. I would really appreciate your consideration.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-31T16:18:49.728Z)

[Image description: The image depicts the Jolly Roger of the Straw Hat Pirates
from the anime/manga series "One Piece". It is a black flag featuring a white
skull with a straw hat (Luffy's signature hat) on top. The skull has
crossbones behind it, also in white. The flag is attached to a wooden mast,
and the background consists of a clear blue sky with fluffy white clouds. The
flag appears to be waving in the wind.]

Stay tuned @all


---
### Peter Paul Pooppally (2025-03-31T16:22:45.253Z)

What issues are you having? I am having an issue deploying due it either using
up all the memory while installing dependencies or hitting some other limit. I
gave up and am now hosting it on render.


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-03-31T16:39:40.305Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
URGENT IMPORTANT QUESTION : should the link we will submit in the gform have
/api in it or not :,) [ PLS DONT SCOLD IF ITS A SILLY QUESTION ]


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-31T17:27:18.896Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a candid shot of a young man. The image
quality is slightly grainy, which might indicate it was taken with a mobile
device or in lower lighting. **Subject:** * **Appearance:** The man has short,
dark hair and appears to be smiling. He's wearing a striped shirt with a
combination of white and dark blue/purple stripes. He is also wearing blue
jeans. **Background:** * The background is a bit blurred, but it seems like he
might be indoors. * There are some indistinct objects and colours that might
indicate this is a commercial space, possibly a store or a waiting area.
**Notable Features:** * **Clothing:** The striped shirt is the most distinct
visual element of his outfit. * **Pose:** His pose seems relaxed and informal.
If you have specific questions about the image, please ask and I will do my
best to answer them based on the visual content.] Saransh_Saini:

> this the HTML file would be provide

same  
PLEASE INFORM

S  
S  
S  
S


---
### Parthiv (2025-03-31T17:59:05.230Z)

please tell how long approx will evaluations will last


---
### Parthiv (2025-03-31T18:00:46.035Z)

it depends on what ur post endpoint is , if its (‚Äú/api‚Äù ) then give that


---
### Vidushi Singh (2025-03-31T18:02:07.401Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) same question


---
### Parthiv (2025-03-31T18:02:52.046Z)

same here , It worked fine for a while and once the dependencies grew and
varied it started showing serverless function crashed though it was running
fine locally


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-31T18:13:24.009Z)

I noticed that ngrok disconnects after two hours, so I‚Äôm wondering if we can
continue using it.

If your team was aware of this, I‚Äôd like to understand why it was allowed to
deploy on ngrok. I typically use Vercel for deployment, but as you know,
Vercel doesn‚Äôt support certain features.  
what to do now


---
### Sahil Raj  (2025-03-31T18:13:58.736Z)

Just extend the deadline for one day please it will be a great help for many
students


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-03-31T18:16:05.830Z)

ngrok will give me 0 marks right because when ever your system try to
evaluated it get offline message

still i am very thankful for this project i created mini chatgpt  
without using any llm api  
instead of prompt engineer


---
### Yashvardhan (2025-03-31T18:17:52.354Z)

pls sir extend the deadline by 1 day


---
### Parthiv (2025-03-31T18:22:03.328Z)

it wont disconnect in 2hours , if u login using ur id to ngrok and start ur
server with auth id , it will keep running as long as ur pc is on


---
### Vinil (2025-03-31T18:25:10.973Z)

use screen package to keep it running


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-03-31T18:28:51.346Z)

yes me too  
_Thank You for some sleepless nights(now I have some dark-circlesüòë) and this
wonderful experience_[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image you sent:
**Overall Impression:** The image features a man in a suit standing in what
appears to be an office setting. The style and decor suggest that the photo is
likely taken from a scene in a TV show, possibly a sitcom or mockumentary.
**Detailed Breakdown:** * **The Man:** * He is wearing a dark gray or charcoal
suit with a subtle textured pattern. * His tie is a dark color (likely navy or
black) with a repeating pattern of light-colored shapes (possibly paisley or
geometric). * He has short brown hair and appears to be in his late 30s or
early 40s. * His facial expression is neutral, possibly slightly expectant. *
**Office Setting:** * He is standing in front of a doorway. * On the door,
there is a sign that says "MEETING IN PROGRESS". * To the left of the man,
there are some black office chairs lined up against the wall. * In the
background, there is a blurred object, possibly a whiteboard or a presentation
screen. * There are window blinds on one of the walls. * **Lighting:** * The
lighting appears to be even and artificial, typical of an office environment.
**Possible Context:** Given the overall aesthetic and the "MEETING IN
PROGRESS" sign, it's plausible the image is taken from a scene where the man
is about to enter a meeting room or is observing a meeting that is already
underway. The fact that the room is behind glass suggests someone is observing
the meeting. If you have any specific questions about the image, feel free to
ask!]


---
### Andrew David (2025-03-31T18:30:21.763Z)

Thank you [@21f2000709](/u/21f2000709) [@trebhuvansb](/u/trebhuvansb)
[@ItsMeAlex](/u/itsmealex)  
without you guys, i don;t know what i would have done. THANK YOU


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-03-31T18:34:14.893Z)

Ah, the true mark of a dedicated developer‚Äîwhen even your dreams come with
syntax errors! :laughing: This project was a rollercoaster of caffeine, code,
and existential debugging at 3 AM. But hey, we survived, and now even my
subconscious is running `python main.py` on repeat. On to the next adventure‚Ä¶
after some well-earned sleep (hopefully bug-free)!


---
### Saksham (2025-03-31T18:38:30.881Z)

Hello Sir,  
I hope you‚Äôre doing well. On behalf of all the students in our course, I
wanted to request a deadline extension for the project 2. We‚Äôre all putting in
our best effort, but we need a little more time to complete it properly.

If it‚Äôs possible to grant an extension, we would really appreciate it. Please
let us know if you can consider this request.

Thank you for your time and understanding!  
Saksham

Please sir !  

[[Image could not be described]image417√ó406 31 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/e/decceb7013a2c72a3bae1736a8bd9bb8961da81f.jpeg
"image")


---
### 23F3004407 RATANPRIYA SINGH (2025-03-31T18:39:42.096Z)

yess sir same with me can u just extend 2hrs like that


---
### HARISH. S (2025-03-31T18:40:10.468Z)

i used ngrok. i need to change it to vercel or someother thing. so sir kindly
extend the deadline for a day‚Ä¶ please sir. this is a kind request from every
student


---
### HARISH. S (2025-03-31T18:44:19.388Z)

anybody there?..???..???..???..?


---
### D HARICHARAN  (2025-03-31T19:15:18.730Z)

Respected Sir,

I kindly request a deadline extension of at least 3 minutes for the project
submission, similar to what was done for ROE. Due to slow internet
connectivity and the absence of WiFi, my submission took longer than usual. As
a result, I was only able to upload it at 12:01 AM instead of the regular
11:59 PM deadline.  
PLEASE Sir, As I‚Äôm a standalone student and this is my primary degree after
12th, please do accept it.

Thank you  

[[Image could not be described]tom1000√ó750 328 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/7/f7314a19ed2e98f3983ff561690a638e902f308c.png
"tom")


---
### HARISH. S (2025-03-31T19:33:49.594Z)

sir kindly extend the deadline for a day sir, kind request from tds students.
kindly consider our pleadings.


---
### VENKATESWARLU THATHA  (2025-03-31T19:48:16.543Z)

sir i was trying to upload it but due to net issue it got submitted at 12:01.  
the google form is saying the response is recorded. so my response is recorded
right?


---
### Abhishek Patra (2025-04-01T01:04:06.937Z)

Hi [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) and [@carlton](/u/carlton) Sir,  
It would be really great if the deadline for submission could be extended by
one more day. While we understand your reasons, we kindly request you to
consider our situation as well.


---
### Sarthak Singh Gaur (2025-04-01T01:46:00.198Z)

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

I have submitted my fastapi endpoint without the /api at the end.

Would this be a problem?


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-01T05:10:14.691Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
Sir i also didn‚Äôt addd /api/ at the end of the url. Will this cause a peoblem?


---
### Peter Paul Pooppally (2025-04-01T10:43:18.771Z)

My project is hosted on render, because vercel refuses to cooperate with me,
as a result the free version of render takes a minute to respond, and not only
that but might also give internal server error until the 2nd or 3rd try. There
is nothing I can do to change this except for maybe sending requests every now
and then like it was suggested for another student using render. I just want
to know if this is okay for evaluation.

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Akshit Mittal (2025-04-01T11:06:20.017Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
sir,  
I also have submitted my fastapi endpoint without /api at the end, please
reply if this would be a problem?


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-01T11:06:56.031Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)

Can you please say when the project 2 be evaluated?? since i am using ngrok it
is very hard to keep my laptop running and also the result time is given as
15th. no possile way i could run my laptop more than a couple day. kindly
provide a solution for ngrok users or please extended a day or so to change
from ngrok to someother. this is a kind request. and kindly reply as soon as
possible.


---
### Parthiv (2025-04-01T12:10:09.101Z)

me too ,please inform how long will it take .


---
### Parthiv (2025-04-01T12:11:50.729Z)

are we free to edit the google response , to update the ngrok link if it
changes cuz in the free version if the laptop restarts so will the link


---
### Akash Kumar (2025-04-01T16:04:45.570Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
Yesterday, I don‚Äôt mention /api at the end of my dns while submitting the form
and I come to know to day we have to add /api at the end of the it. So I
edited my response please consider the latest one.


---
### Vinil (2025-04-01T16:55:31.770Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

I have a curious question.  
I have my project running from azure and code in GitHub repository.

What is stopping me from making further change to my deployment because my end
point will be same. Anyway my code checksum for the deployment and GitHub code
won‚Äôt match as I haven‚Äôt pushed the token to GitHub.

Thanks,  
Vinil


---
### bharath (2025-04-02T04:59:56.609Z)

I did the same mistake and I am just realising it. Will my submission be
discarded in that case? Please clarify.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### SHAHZADA MOON (2025-04-02T08:35:13.206Z)

I reuesting to all my teachers [@s.anand](/u/s.anand), [@carlton](/u/carlton),
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj), [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) please reply me.

What is this going on? Is it joking? Our teachers don‚Äôt have enough time to
make a separate video for project to explain what to do and how to do? I
already have done two project courses and they taught us, even they made 2 -
groups just only for discussions in which one is personal and also made a
YouTube playlist especially for project. They explained what should be your
approach? How to make project? And here, they took only one session just only
for show off. And they organised that single session when too many student
requests too many times? Are we studying in IIT - The top institute of India
or in a cheap and lower than third class government schools. It is the
responsibility of our teachers to explain the project, but they are just
showing off. Even they never provided the solutions for assignments also. Is
it not our right to get solutions so that we can know where we did mistake?
They don‚Äôt have time to make solutions, they just made an assignment checker
which checks the assignments automatically. I don‚Äôt think so that they really
made any effort in our course. In project-2 also, we need solutions for all
graded assignments and so many students request for solutions but our the
great teachers ignores the request and didn‚Äôt provide the solutions. I think
they provide the projects whatever comes in their dreams during sleeping. In
weekly study material, don‚Äôt have their notes, even they have a very few
videos made by them, they just render to other YouTuber‚Äôs Youtube videos and
online websites. Are we paid just only for these YouTube videos ? If we can
understand everything just only from YouTube then why we are studying from the
India‚Äôs top Engineering institute - The IIT Madras? I have much more better
videos than that are provided on YouTube and created by other YouTubers. They
only have some points copy pasted from documentations, but they never tried to
explain them. Just read, copy and paste in your program. What is it, why it is
used for, don‚Äôt ask anything.

Some students request for extending the time limit of [roject-2 just only for
one day, but what was their excuse- "We won‚Äôt be able to extend deadline, if
we do, then evaluations will get delayed. ". I want to ask them, where is the
result of Project-1? The first date of result declaration was 26-Feb, then
their another date was 16-March, but until now on 2-Apr, we do not get our
results. It is more than 45 days, what is this going on? Nobody tried to ask
with our great teachers. But on extending the deadline of project-2 just only
for one day, their evaluation will be late. In project-2, we have to continue
running our project until they will not evaluate, whether they take more than
1, 2 or more months. Either we have to host online by paying or run our own
system for 24x7 unto when, we also don;t know as their result date is also not
fixed, it is just a combination of letters and numbers showing on portal. It
is our tales it is my right to get solutions for every weekly assignment, but
don‚Äôt ask them to make efforts. Just pay and do assignments at own risk even
you have not understand anything from the copy-pasted material. Just use AI‚Äôs
or read whatever and wherever you want to read.

It is my kind request, our term is going to be completed, but please make some
efforts in next term.

Thankyou to all my respected ‚ÄòThe Great Teachers‚Äô.


---
### Vinil (2025-04-02T09:32:33.036Z)

hi,

I dont share your views.

i feel it was one of the best course in whole of Diploma.

I have learned a lot in these projects and even in ROE preparation.

all the things we are learning here are open in market and the course contents
are great direction towards learning and practicing them.

I agree it is stessful, my whole team were in a 9-hour g-meet call on Saturday
night. but we have found solutions, shared ideas, try-outs, made fun of each
other.

but at the end of the day we all agree that we have learnt lots of new things.

Regarding Project1 delay: if we think, atleast 1GB of docker image per
students for 700+ students. even if parallalize the execution 5 students at a
time you still need a very powerfull system to download and amount of data
downloading etc‚Ä¶ At the end of the day we got a very good result and report
with logs to verify

for GA‚Äôs: it is upto you to copy solutions or learn something out of each GA
sections

All in all I am happy with the course.


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-04-02T10:20:41.062Z)

Totally Agree with [@23f2004837](/u/23f2004837)  
Best course so far from learning POV.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-02T10:45:23.807Z)

Dear Shahzada,

You joined Discourse almost a year ago Jun 8th, 2023. In all that time you
have read 832 posts. And never interacted with anyone on discourse. You
finally decided to interact once and that was today and this is your first
post (your second if we count that you deleted your first post)

The first step to receiving help is communication. If you do not communicate,
no one can help you.

[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: * **Text:** The
image displays a single letter "S" in white. * **Background:** The background
is a solid, dark grey color. Essentially, the image is a simple representation
of the letter "S" on a neutral background.] 23f2002668:

> What is this going on? Is it joking?

I am not sure what your question is. I am not sure what you are referring to.
Please be clear in your questions.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image contains a single letter: * **Letter:** "S" * **Font:** The font
appears to be a sans-serif typeface. * **Color:** The letter is a pale gray or
white color. * **Background:** The background is a solid dark gray or blue-
gray color. * **Arrangement:** The letter is centered within the frame of the
image.] 23f2002668:

> Our teachers don‚Äôt have enough time to make a separate video for project to
> explain what to do and how to do?

We have made **several hours of videos** on Project 2 and have demonstrated
multiple ways to solve it. However, we are not going to ever create it for
you. We do teach you all the core technologies you can leverage to create it
yourself.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: The image
contains a single letter "S" displayed prominently. * **Letter:** The letter
"S" is white or a very light gray, and it appears to be in a sans-serif
typeface. It is slightly rounded in shape. * **Background:** The background is
a solid color, a medium-to-dark shade of gray. * **Composition:** The letter
is centered in the image, making it the focal point. The overall impression is
clean and simple.] 23f2002668:

> I already have done two project courses and they taught us, even they made 2
> - groups just only for discussions in which one is personal and also made a
> YouTube playlist especially for project.

Not sure which courses you are referring to, but those are standalone courses.
Here project is part of the course and is meant to take you roughly a few days
to create. We gave students more than one month for Project 1 and the solution
for it takes a few hours to create. (which we have shared)

[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the content of the image: * **Main
Content:** The image displays the letter "S" in lowercase. * **Color and
Background:** The letter is white or a very light gray, set against a solid
dark gray or charcoal-colored background. * **Font:** The "S" appears to be in
a simple, sans-serif font. * **Size and Position:** The "S" occupies a large
portion of the image space and is centered.] 23f2002668:

> They explained what should be your approach? How to make project?

Yes these were explained if you

  1. either took part in any live session or
  2. watched the recorded video

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image contains a single letter "S" rendered in white against a solid,
grayish-blue background. The letter is a lowercase "s," and it appears to be
in a sans-serif font. The letter is centered within the image frame. **Key
Features:** * **Letter:** A white lowercase "s" * **Font:** Sans-serif *
**Background:** Solid grayish-blue * **Centering:** The letter is centrally
positioned. **Possible Interpretations/Questions:** * The image likely
represents the letter "S." * It could be a visual representation of the letter
"S" used for educational purposes. * It might be part of a larger sequence or
alphabet. * It could be a user avatar or icon. ] 23f2002668:

> And here, they took only one session just only for show off. And they
> organised that single session when too many student requests too many times?

I am not sure what you are referring to because several sessions were
conducted for Project 2 spanning nearly 2 weeks.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content: *
**Content:** The image contains a single, lowercase letter "s" in a clean,
sans-serif typeface. The letter is white and contrasts with the background. *
**Background:** The background is a solid, muted dark grayish-blue or slate-
grey color. Without further context, it's difficult to infer the image's
purpose or meaning. It could be an icon, part of a larger design, or simply an
isolated character.] 23f2002668:

> It is the responsibility of our teachers to explain the project, but they
> are just showing off.

Project 2 was explained. I can summarise it in these words:  
Create a server api that receives a request.  
The request would be any question from the first 5 GAs.  
The response has to be a json response as specified in the Project page.

Multiple demonstrations were done of this workflow in sessions.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image shows a single letter "S" rendered in white against a dark gray or
blue-gray background. The letter is in lowercase. It has a clean, simple sans-
serif font. ] 23f2002668:

> Even they never provided the solutions for assignments also. Is it not our
> right to get solutions so that we can know where we did mistake?

Since this is your first post, you‚Äôve never ever asked for solutions to any
assignments. We have never provided solution notebooks for TDS. It defeats the
learning process.

If you want solutions, there are several options:

  1. Ask for help (since you have never posted before, you missed the opportunity to receive it)
  2. Collaborate with others (a bigger goal of TDS, because in the real world one man bands almost certainly fail with extremely high probability, barring a few exceptions, human progress is built on collaboration)
  3. Join live sessions, where we have provided solutions to almost every assignment question that students have asked (and not asked)
  4. Watch the live sessions, we have even created neat Q & A summaries for them on the TDS portal (something which no other subject does at the moment)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the content in the image:
**Content:** The image shows the letter "S" in lowercase. * **Letter:** The
central element is the lowercase letter "s". * **Color:** The letter "s"
appears to be white or a very light grey. * **Background:** The background is
a solid, dark grey-blue color. * **Font:** The letter has a rounded, sans-
serif font. * **Focus:** The image's focus is clearly on the single letter, as
it is centered and well-defined. This image is simple and likely intended to
display the letter "s" clearly.] 23f2002668:

> They don‚Äôt have time to make solutions, they just made an assignment checker
> which checks the assignments automatically.

This is one of the most loved features by our students. No other GA in any
other course gives you the option to check your answers in real time and
better yet correct them before submitting.

The biggest clue for solutions is in this nugget. If you take the opportunity,
and enterprise and get some fellow students together, you are actually able to
obtain the solution script from the GA page itself. It takes some effort, but
that is how learning occurs‚Ä¶ with effort. Studies repeatedly show that zero
effort results in nearly zero learning.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image features the letter "S" in white, centered against a solid, dark
gray-blue background. The "S" is lowercase. The letter is slightly rounded in
its form. **Key features:** * **Text:** The primary element is the letter "S".
* **Color Palette:** The color palette consists of a white "S" contrasted
against a dark gray-blue background. * **Composition:** The image is simple
with a clear focus on the letter. * **Style:** The style is minimalistic.]
23f2002668:

> Are we paid just only for these YouTube videos ? If we can understand
> everything just only from YouTube then why we are studying from the India‚Äôs
> top Engineering institute - The IIT Madras? I have much more better videos
> than that are provided on YouTube and created by other YouTubers.

If you had better resources available, you have hardly been the paragon of
virtue, because we always encourage people to share their learnings. We learn
from you, just as you learn from us. If someone makes a better video than us
and give it for free, we are happy enough to learn from them. Why should we
reinvent a video that is poor quality and force students to watch it when
there are better videos? We are not so egoistic to take that approach and
worse it does not benefit our students to satisfy our ego. There are a million
videos out there on you Tube, how do you find the best one? We curate it. So
that you do not have to spend hours finding a good video.

But feel free to find better videos. More power to you, but what would be even
better? Share with others so that we can build each other up.

What are the best videos to learn linear algebra? Probably MIT. Why bother
with substandard videos when you can just get the best for free? Its just that
watching MIT videos will not give you an undergraduate degree from MIT. And it
costs Rs. 2.7 crores, provided you even get a seat in the first place. Here
you get a 4 year degree for Rs 3.5 lakhs. So you are paying for that.

I absolutely 100% agree with you, if you think you can get a better degree for
Rs 3.5 Lakhs then definitely do that. There is no point in wasting time and
money on something that is not delivering good value to you.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: * **Content:**
The image contains a single letter "S" displayed on a gray-blue background. *
**Text:** The letter "S" is the only text present. It is rendered in a clean,
simple font, likely a sans-serif type, with a white or light gray color that
contrasts with the background. * **Background:** The background is a solid,
flat color, appearing as a muted gray-blue tone. * **Features:** There are no
other discernible objects, patterns, or details in the image besides the
letter and the background. If you have specific questions about the image,
feel free to ask!] 23f2002668:

> They only have some points copy pasted from documentations, but they never
> tried to explain them. Just read, copy and paste in your program. What is
> it, why it is used for, don‚Äôt ask anything.

Reading documentation is a skill you have to pick up. **Having said that, we
have always explained something that students have asked.** Just ask anyone
who attended the sessions. More significantly, most of the new things we
learnt, were self taught. Unless you pick up this lifelong habit, you will
struggle in the real world.

Now is a good time to start.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** *
The image contains a single letter "S" in lowercase. * The letter "S" is white
and has a slightly rounded, sans-serif font style. * The background is a
solid, dark grayish-blue color.] 23f2002668:

> Some students request for extending the time limit of [roject-2 just only
> for one day, but what was their excuse- "We won‚Äôt be able to extend
> deadline, if we do, then evaluations will get delayed. "

That is correct. We do not want to evaluations for Project 2 to be delayed as
end term is very close. Is your complaint that you want evaluations to be
delayed? Also its not an excuse. Its a fact. Delaying submissions, delays
evaluations. Its just basic logic.

[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: *
**Content:** The image contains a single letter "S" in lowercase. * **Letter
Appearance:** The "s" is white or a light shade, and it has a smooth, rounded
design. * **Background:** The background is a solid, dark grey or blue-grey
color. This simple composition makes the letter "S" the focal point of the
image. It does not provide any additional information about the context or
purpose of the image beyond simply displaying the letter.] 23f2002668:

> I want to ask them, where is the result of Project-1?

They have already been sent to all those who passed the prerequisites. Yours
did not pass the first time.

**Luckily for you,** our first priority is always to do our best for students.
So not being satisfied with the validation script that was run which was
stricter, we created a new one that was more forgiving. You should get a 0
based on the stricter criteria, but you passed on our more lenient check and
now you will soon be getting a normalised 7/20 score (we have not decided the
normalisation yet because its a matter of deciding how lenient to be).

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image contains a single, white letter "S" displayed against a solid, dark
gray background. The letter is in a sans-serif font and appears to be centered
in the frame. **Features:** * **Letter:** "S" * **Color (Letter):** White *
**Background Color:** Dark Gray * **Font:** Sans-serif * **Arrangement:** The
letter is centered.] 23f2002668:

> The first date of result declaration was 26-Feb, then their another date was
> 16-March, but until now on 2-Apr, we do not get our results. It is more than
> 45 days, what is this going on? Nobody tried to ask with our great teachers.

If you had attended the live session you would have seen Anand explain the
reason for the delay. And we do not mind when students ask why and we freely
tell them why. So I do not understand how you came to this conclusion.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: * **Content:**
The image features a single letter "S". * **Color:** The letter "S" is white.
* **Background:** The background is a solid, dark gray or slate blue color. *
**Font:** The font appears to be a simple, rounded sans-serif.] 23f2002668:

> In project-2, we have to continue running our project until they will not
> evaluate, whether they take more than 1, 2 or more months. Either we have to
> host online by paying or run our own system for 24x7 unto when, we also
> don;t know as their result date is also not fixed, it is just a combination
> of letters and numbers showing on portal.

Anand invited students to write the evaluation script in his live session. And
since you claim it is so easy you could have written it and gotten full marks.
I am not sure why you did not take this easy option. You complained about it,
but decided not to create a solution?

Also if you watched the sessions, we never asked you to run your server for 2
months or 1 month etc. Its generally a bad idea to make assumptions that have
no basis in reality. Project 2 is easy to evaluate. We expect it will take a
few days, possibly by this weekend to finish evaluation and push a score. So
why you came to the conclusion it would take months, is a mystery, given that
you already rightfully explained that its easy to write a script.

But validation takes time. We want to make sure there are no bugs and errors
and a lot of edges are possible when students are running various deployments.
So we want to give them the best chance of actually scoring. Unless you prefer
we do a rush job and give them zeros. You would have received a zero in your
project 1 had we not caught a few edge cases in our testing regime.

You can take a poll and ask fellow students if they prefer your approach. We
are always happy to make changes based on feedback.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** *
The image contains a single letter "S" in white color. * The "S" is set
against a dark grey background. * The font appears to be a sans-serif
typeface, meaning it lacks the small decorative strokes (serifs) at the end of
the letters' strokes. **Potential uses and interpretations:** This could be: *
A representation of the letter S. * Part of a larger design or logo. * An icon
for a website or app. * Simply a demonstration of a specific font style.]
23f2002668:

> It is my kind request, our term is going to be completed, but please make
> some efforts in next term.
>
> Thankyou to all my respected ‚ÄòThe Great Teachers‚Äô.

I am glad you decided make a kind request, although by all the personal
insults and attacks and your ending sign off its clear that neither `respect`
nor `kindness` is evident in your post.

But thank you for your feedback.

One final note: Do interact more, its healthy. We make mistakes, and we learn.
There are many things we want fix for next term. Its not at all our desire to
delay evaluations. The complexity of project 1 evaluations was unexpected. So
we do apologise for that. We have done so repeatedly, even in our sessions and
in discourse posts. The scripts that we released for everyone, probably showed
how challenging it was to get it right so that everyone who could get a score,
got a score.

And when writing posts or emails or any communication, try to stay on point
and professional. We are always happy to learn what we can change and improve.

Kind regards,  
TDS team


---
### B R GIRI SUBRAHMANYA (2025-04-02T12:44:19.919Z)

Hi, I have a few things to say

## My background :

I have completed all the courses in diploma except TDS. I have secured
reasonably good grades in all the courses. However, I failed TDS the last term
and I am likely to fail in this term too. The reason is, I got bad marks in
both ROE and I have never submitted any project, i.e., I have not submitted 3
TDS projects in the last two terms and did badly in the first project of the
previous term.

## My Initial Disappointments with this Course

In one of the orientation session, I heard Andrew sir say this (subject to
correction):

> The video lectures are the primary content. It is not compulsory to attend
> the live sessions, but it is highly recommended.

  * Here, the most important resource are the live sessions. I did not like it. Till now, I have managed all the courses with faculty lectures alone. I rarely watch live sessions. I didn‚Äôt like watching live sessions. I felt it was against what is pointed out in the previous paragraph
  * ROE is just for forty five minutes, with around 10 questions. I felt that this is rubbish and unthoughtful.
  * There are not many videos explaining the tools (from IIT side). Only a few videos. Most of the tools are explained through text. I felt that a the purpose of a college course is to explain things in a simple way so that we can learn it easily.

## Why did I fail?

### Last Term

I dumped myself with a 3 more courses, projects and nptel courses. I didn‚Äôt
practice the GAs properly. So I failed ROE. I will come to the projects soon.

## This term.

I made sure that I do all the GAs properly. But I did better than last time in
ROE but still bad. This time because, other than GAs, I didn‚Äôt allocate time
for ROE. Also, I didn‚Äôt submit both the projects.

In both the terms I didn‚Äôt collaborate with anyone. I felt that I shouldn‚Äôt
earn my marks be talking help from someone. I felt it is not fair.

## Me Understanding about the Course Now

This one line changed my view about ROE.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the content in the image:
**Overall Impression:** The image is a close-up shot of a man's face. It
appears to be a portrait-style image with warm, reddish-brown tones dominating
the color palette. **Key Features:** * **Subject:** The main focus is on a man
with a serious or thoughtful expression. * **Facial Features:** * He has light
skin. * His hair is dark and appears to be thinning slightly. * He is wearing
glasses with a thin frame. * His lips are closed in a neutral expression. *
**Expression:** The man has a slightly tilted head, which creates a sense of
contemplation or perhaps a slightly quizzical expression. His eyes have a
focused gaze. * **Clothing:** He seems to be wearing a light-colored shirt or
jacket, but the details of the clothing are minimal in the image. *
**Background:** The background is a solid, warm brown color, which provides a
simple, non-distracting backdrop. This helps to keep the viewer's attention
focused on the man's face. **Potential Interpretations and Questions:** * The
man's expression could suggest a moment of deep thought, concentration, or
perhaps skepticism. * Without additional context, it's challenging to
determine the exact profession or role of the man. If you have any specific
questions about the image, feel free to ask!][On another topic](/t/99838/2)

> **What does this RoE evaluate?** Implicit learning.

I am reasonably ok with python and all the tools in this course. But in ROE, I
was not able to write a nested for loop, which was needed for some question.
It is not that I don‚Äôt know how to write a simple nested loop. I discovered
the fact that I have not coded enough.

I scored 100 in all the OPPEs : python, java, PDSA, DBMS. I knew the concepts.
But the questions were not difficult and the time was ample. This is not the
case in TDS.

Now I realize that I am not good in SQL or DSA. It is just the questions were
easy and was accompanied with ample time.

In MLP, I score just 40 in OPPE 1, this was because of me not practicing
`SKLearn`. Then I practiced and got 90 in the second OPPE.

This course has made me realise that till I need to learn relearn these things
in an _**implicit**_ way.

This is the exact reason why I have not been able to complete the projects. I
still know most of the things required for project 1 and 2. But I was not able
to practically sit and write the code.

I have understood that this is not a traditional course. I feel that we must
expect something different from this course. Especially not just marks

I have understood that the limited amount of recorded lectures for is a way to
make the students to practically go through the documentation. Understand the
complex phrasing of some functionalities, etc.

I am most likely to take this course again. I feel extremely bad to have
wasted 15000 rupees. But this course has been a wake up call for me. I still
feel that I have the potential to do this course way better than this. What I
would have to do is a lot more coding of what I have already learnt.

From the other project courses, I had a wrong assumption that projects are
about applying what we have learnt. This was also a reason why I didn‚Äôt do my
projects in TDS. I felt that the course team didn‚Äôt cover all the essentials
of a projects. I have now realized that projects are about applying what we
know and also learn new things which will enhance our projects.

Since this is not a traditional course, I also feel that it is fine to
collaborate and seek help, at the same time, strive to contribute to others
too.

Thanks to [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) , [@carlton](/u/carlton) ,
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) and [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

> Just two suggestions

  * I feel that MAD 2 and MLP should be corequisites.
  * While introducing the projects, kindly include a video where the flow of the project is explained. Also, address few questions in the video itself which are likely to be asked by us.


---
### Parthiv (2025-04-02T14:21:36.079Z)

true but I wish they can inform how quickly they can evaluate for those using
paid platforms / ngrok


---
### Harsh jayswal (2025-04-02T14:34:43.238Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Hello Carlton,

When are you guys likely to test the API endpoints for Project 2?  
I have hosted it on Microsoft Azure, and I only have $92 left out of the free
$100 credit. It would be great if you could do this within a week. It is
decreasing rapidly.


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-02T14:37:04.508Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) same issue  
I only have $80 left out of the free $100 credit. It would be great if you
could do this within a week.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-02T14:52:16.536Z)

[@parthivn28](/u/parthivn28) [@Harshjayswal-2003](/u/harshjayswal-2003)
[@23f2004912](/u/23f2004912)  
Evaluations will start before this weekend, with some sampling done possibly
even tonight and most evaluation runs tomorrow.

Also we will prime the target first by sending a dummy request so it gets
‚Äúwarmed up‚Äù because some of you have reported time to respond to first request
takes time for the server to spin up.  
Then once we know its responding, we will send requests for evaluation.

Kind regards


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-02T15:09:04.625Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) lord carlton :ok_hand:


---
### Sonal Raikar (2025-04-02T18:24:37.998Z)

Yess, I too did the same , previously submitted on 11.55 and edited my
response on 12.01 with /api . Hope u will consider it . [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-03T03:34:41.099Z)

hello can you share ip address whenever you hit our api then we know you
hitting it please


---
### DIGVIJAYSINH SANDEEPSINH CHUDASAMA (2025-04-03T04:50:08.140Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) sir, I have noticed that sometimes our vm based
application gets stuck and on verifying every request using FastApi have
noticed that best way to check is run and get your answer post that RESET it
back and then run another query and it works perfectly fine, not sure have
other faced this issue or not, but it would be great if you could take note of
this while evaluating just for safety.

Hope you take note of this and take this into consideration.  
Thanks & Regards,  
Digvijaysinh Chudasama


---
### Shouvik Roy  (2025-04-03T05:01:59.534Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) yes same
issue


---
### SUNAY LAHIRI (2025-04-03T05:10:40.652Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
Sirs, I too am facing this issue..


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-03T05:39:46.649Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image consists of a single, prominent letter "D" rendered in a light
pink/white color with a subtle drop shadow effect. The "D" is positioned
centrally within the frame and stands out against a solid, vibrant
pink/magenta background. **Key Features:** * **Letter:** The dominant element
is the letter "D," suggesting that the image is meant to convey or emphasize
this letter. * **Color:** The use of light pink/white on the "D" and the
contrasting magenta background creates visual interest. * **Drop Shadow:** The
subtle drop shadow effect gives the letter a slight sense of depth and
separation from the background. * **Simple Design:** The overall design is
minimalist and straightforward, suggesting a focus on clarity and directness.
**Potential Implications and Use:** * **Alphabet Illustration:** The image
could be part of a larger set of alphabet illustrations. * **Logo or
Branding:** It could be a simplified version of a logo or a brand element. *
**Visual Aid:** It might be used as a visual aid for educational purposes,
particularly for teaching letter recognition. * **Decorative Element:** It
could be used as a decorative element in a design project.] 21f2000588:

> check is run and get your answer post that RESET it back and then run
> another query

I couldn‚Äôt get what this part means?


---
### DIGVIJAYSINH SANDEEPSINH CHUDASAMA (2025-04-03T06:16:26.902Z)

Okay so basically sometimes what happens is while verifying on FASTApi ‚Äì it
gives errors like missing paramaters like‚Ä¶ So basically sometimes it needs
resetting the request parser and then it works perfectly fine.

    
    
    {
      "detail": "execute() missing 1 required positional argument: 'file_bytes'"
    }
    

Which is incorrect, so if we press the RESET button and execute it works
properly.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content, focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Layout and Context:** * The image appears to be a screenshot of a web interface or application related to making API requests or interacting with a server. * It shows a form or section designed for specifying parameters and request body content. * The interface has a clean, modern design with a light green background for the content area. **Header/Top Section:** * **"Parameters"**: A section header, indicating the area for defining parameters. * **"No parameters"**: Below the "Parameters" header, there's text stating "No parameters". * Buttons for "Cancel" (red) and "Reset" (gray) are in the top-right. **Request Body Section:** * **"Request body required"**: A section header indicating the area for defining the request body. It is labeled as "required" in red. * **"multipart/form-data"**: There's a dropdown menu set to "multipart/form-data", indicating the selected content type. **Form Fields:** * **"question required"**: A label indicating a field named "question" which is also labeled as "required" in red. It's described as a "string". * The field contains the text: "Download and use multi-cursors and convert it into a single". * **"file"**: A label indicating a field named "file". It's defined as: "string | (string | null)($binary)". * There's a "Choose File" button and the text "q-multi-cursor.json.txt", suggesting that a file named "q-multi-cursor.json.txt" has been selected. * A checkbox is labeled "Send empty value". **Buttons at the bottom:** * The form includes an "Execute" button (blue) and a "Clear" button (white background with gray text). **Bottom Sections:** * **"Responses"**: A section header for displaying responses from the API call. * **"Curl"**: Indicates that a Curl command might be available. **Key Observations:** * The form seems to be designed for sending a POST request with "multipart/form-data" content. * There are two parameters that can be set which are the "question" string and the "file". * The "question" parameter is a string containing instructions to download and convert multi-cursors. * A file named "q-multi-cursor.json.txt" is attached to the request. * The presence of "Responses" and "Curl" sections implies the interface is meant to help with testing and debugging API interactions. ]image1775√ó721 21.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/2/9201a514dc9b85f1bef21a9b90a225754a65072f.png "image")

Correct output image ‚Äì  

[[Image could not be described]image1806√ó235 10.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/d/dd6c4fed0a92c88924a7bf38b2e19497253fca36.png
"image")

Hope you get my point which i‚Äôm trying to convey sir.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-03T06:58:49.996Z)

[@23f2004912](/u/23f2004912)

Just a brother trying to help students gain valuable skills.  
Nothing more brother.

The success of students‚Äô future, is the best reward.

Sometimes it takes a bit longer because some lessons are harder than others.
And we all make mistakes. But if you‚Äôve learnt something valuable on the
journey, then you are better prepared for what comes next regardless of
whether you could clear the obstacle the first time or not.

Kindest regards,  
Just Carlton  
(nothing more).


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-03T07:01:25.765Z)

The way we test your api is **not through a front end.**

We send a request to the endpoint directly. We have demoed it in live
sessions.

We have even posted on discourse snippets of what this looks like.

As long as your endpoint responds to a request that we send, it will be fine.

Kind regards


---
### P V SHRAVAN (2025-04-03T15:00:04.346Z)

sir [@carlton](/u/carlton) currently iam facing an issue sir. just now in
order check weather my api is working fine or not . i just tried curl some
question but unexpectedly i got timeout error from vercel. i have deployed my
app in vercel only. when i checked out i found that in vercel for free account
the request timeout is 10s. what to do sir some times gpt take more time to
respond. The same endpoint after an hour i tried works fine . will this be an
issue sir .


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-04-03T16:18:49.640Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
i also edited my form due to /api/ after deadline on monday  
can u tell atleast whats the status on this query


---
### Yashvardhan (2025-04-04T06:14:49.255Z)

Dear [@Carlton](/u/carlton) and [@S.Anand](/u/s.anand),  
I successfully deployed my project on Vercel, and it works perfectly when
tested using curl commands. Each task installs its required packages and runs
as expected. However, I encountered an issue with Vercel‚Äôs free version, which
has a 250MB limit. While my project‚Äôs size without installed packages is
approximately 34MB, the size exceeds the limit once packages like Pandas,
NumPy, Pillow, Whisper, and Uvicorn are installed, causing the server to
crash.  
Could you kindly suggest any alternatives or solutions for this issue? I would
greatly appreciate your guidance, as I fear all my hard work might go to waste
without a resolution.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-04T06:15:47.759Z)

We are in the processing pipeline. You will have to wait till it completes.
Basically if your endpoint works when we send it a request you will be
evaluated. We will use the timestamp of your latest endpoint before the
deadline.

Hope that answers your question.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-04T06:17:36.098Z)

The alternative is to use vercel purely as an endpoint service that processes
most things without large libraries, and for more heavy duty backend work
forwards the request to another system that handles it and sends it back to
your vercel function which then relays the answer to the request.


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-04-04T06:24:18.228Z)

in spreadsheet edit response modify previous response with timestamp, how you
can access that timestamp response?? So how can u have my end point before
deadline one since i updated it after deadline.  
Also the before deadline one end point is  
/api which i changed to /api/ after deadline so if u somehow have access to my
old url pls consider adding 1 (slash) / :')


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-04T06:30:04.973Z)

gform allows multiple submissions. i would have to check with
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) if its been enabled, i almost certain he has configured
it for multiple submissions.


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-04-04T06:31:22.509Z)

I understand your point but what I am saying is that when I edited my end
point after deadline it changed my timestamp to after deadline one so that is
my concern that my submission might not be even considered


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-04T06:31:57.450Z)

you can have multiple submissions with multiple timestamps in gform. (unless
you chose to edit your response, in that situation i have not tested what
actually happens).


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-04-04T06:32:59.463Z)

I have edited after deadline from /api to /api/  
I did not resubmit


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-04T06:37:32.871Z)

:

* * *

# :graduation_cap: From Problem to Platform: Building ‚ÄúVicky‚Äù ‚Äì A Smart Data
Science Assistant for TDS @ IIT Madras

:rocket: **Project Demo Website** : <https://app.algsoch.tech>

During our college course _Tool for Data Science (TDS)_ at **IIT Madras** , we
were tasked with a challenging but exciting project: **to build a platform
that can take in natural language questions and execute corresponding
solutions through an API**.

## :brain: The Mission:

Create a tool that behaves like a **chatbot** , accepts **user queries (text
or file-based)** via **web or API** , processes them intelligently, **executes
the appropriate code** , and returns accurate results‚Äîlike a real data science
assistant.

* * *

## :counterclockwise_arrows_button: The Journey: From Fails to Final

At first, the natural choice was to try **LLM agents** ‚Äîthey sounded magical.
But in real-world usage, they were slow, unreliable, and lacked precision.
Most failed to parse or execute even moderately dynamic queries. :cross_mark:

Then I thought‚Äîwhat if I manually mapped questions and answers using a
**static JSON structure**? That quickly broke when users passed **different
parameters, different files** , or queried in **non-standard formats** like
‚Äúcode -s‚Äù or ‚Äúcode -v‚Äù.

The next idea: write **individual Python scripts per question** from our
Graded Assignments (GA1‚ÄìGA5). But that lacked flexibility and reusability.
Creating multiple files became unmanageable and non-scalable. :cross_mark:

* * *

## :wrench: The Breakthrough: Dynamic Function Mapping

After multiple iterations and failed prototypes, I finally found the right
architecture:

:white_check_mark: Centralized engine in `vicky_server.py`  
:white_check_mark: Uses **regex-based pattern matching** to detect question
types, extract parameters, and identify the correct solution  
:white_check_mark: Each solution is a structured Python function like
`ga1_first_solution(query=None)`  
:white_check_mark: Supports dynamic parameter injection, command-line
variations, file-based queries, and more  
:white_check_mark: Acts like a **mini compiler for data science tools**

* * *

## :globe_with_meridians: Presenting Vicky ‚Äì The Mini Chatbot for TDS :fire:

Vicky is a **smart, modular chatbot** built specifically for **Tool for Data
Science at IIT Madras**. It‚Äôs packed with real functionality‚Äînot just
templates.

### Key Features:

:brain: **Graded Assignment Solver**  
Handles dynamic, real-world questions from GA1 to GA5 like:

  * `code -s` / `code -v` ‚Üí VS terminal commands
  * Create FastAPI API for CSV with filtering/searching
  * GitHub automation: repo creation, GitHub Actions setup
  * Data cleaning, scraping from IMDb, image compression

:open_file_folder: **File Upload with Query Matching**  
Users can upload a file (CSV, JSON, Excel) and ask file-specific queries. The
system understands context and dynamically links the query to the uploaded
file.

:globe_showing_europe_africa: **HTML Viewer + Base64 Decoder**

  * View any website in rendered & source format using CORS proxy
  * Upload Base64 string ‚Üí Get original image back

:robot: **Webhooks Integration**

  * Live notifications via **Discord** & **Slack** whenever `/api` endpoints are accessed
  * Monitors **server status (online/offline)** and sends real-time updates

:spouting_whale: **LLM Download + Auto Tunneling**

  * Downloads LLaMA models
  * Dynamically finds available ports
  * Creates and exposes tunneled endpoints

:chart_increasing: **Live Web UI
at[app.algsoch.tech](https://app.algsoch.tech)**

  * Ask any TDS question
  * Upload and query with files
  * Image decoder
  * Graded assignment slider navigation
  * HTML viewer
  * API health status

* * *

## :man_technologist: Built With:

  * **FastAPI** for blazing fast APIs
  * **Regex & Pattern Matching** for dynamic input detection
  * **GitHub Copilot** \+ my Python debugging and architectural thinking
  * Full webhook and status monitoring system
  * Modular backend (`vicky_server.py`) and web frontend (`vicky_app.py`)

I want to extend a huge thank you to [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) for their guidance
on this project. I‚Äôve learned what prompt engineering is and how we can
leverage large language models (LLMs). One interesting takeaway is that while
these technologies won‚Äôt replace our jobs‚Äîespecially for those who understand
programming‚Äîthey will create new job opportunities instead.  
Now I am capable of how fastapi work and more things and how to structure code
and how to design code and most important what to think for project


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-04T06:44:22.248Z)

Dear Sir,  
I would like to clarify the situation regarding my previous submission.
Initially, I provided an ngrok link, but due to an error with ngrok, it
stopped working. I then found an alternative solution using Cloudflare with a
custom domain that I obtained through the GitHub Student Pack. I successfully
created a tunnel, and it is currently functional. I can shut down my laptop,
and it still works with the same URL when I restart.  
I hope you will consider my case. I submitted my work at that time because I
learned about this solution from a fellow student on Discord. I only changed
the URL and made no other modifications.  
Thank you for your understanding


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-04-04T06:46:41.886Z)

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton)

The same issue has affected several of us. During the last Google Meet
session, we explained the situation to [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini).

It seems that when we edit our responses, the timestamp with other values
updates not submitted as new response. However, the position of the response
in the form remains unchanged. For instance, we submitted our response at
11:30 PM on March 31st, and someone else submitted theirs at 11:45 PM. Even
after editing our response the next day, our entry still appears above theirs.  
We just wanted to clarify: Will responses edited or submitted on April 1st
still be considered, given that the form remains open? If not, is there any
way we can show proof of our original submission? Currently, we have email
confirmations for both the initial and the edited responses.

We hope this won‚Äôt be a major issue, especially not on the level of Project 1
concerns. Looking forward to a positive resolution from the TDS team.

Thank you  
Lakshay


---
### Yashvardhan (2025-04-04T08:04:29.014Z)

Dear [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) Sir  
‚ÄúI‚Äôve deployed my project to Microsoft Azure through GitHub, and my Azure for
Students account was verified today. Could you kindly review this project
instead of the previous link I shared? While I did not make any changes to the
code, you can access and review it directly on GitHub.‚Äù


---
### Vinil (2025-04-04T08:52:22.299Z)

My Azure credits are burning out. It is giving me unwanted pressure.

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-04-04 at 2.13.30 PM2458√ó1180
207 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/c/7c121ecbbfffc3180e6e7bbe79c667d3d4104535.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-04 at 2.13.30 PM")

Please evalute the project early.

we can help in writing evaluation script, that also would be a learning for
us.

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### SP (2025-04-04T21:57:25.960Z)

Dear Sir [@carlton](/u/carlton),

Sir, please note that after the deadline I haven‚Äôt resubmitted the form but I
have edited it (as the form was allowing editing till then). Now what exactly
have I edited is just added a ‚Äú/‚Äù at the end and that‚Äôs it and nothing more.
Highlighting it again, I haven‚Äôt resubmitted the form but edited it on the
very next morning after the deadline.

So now my question is: My edited response will be accepted right in this case?  
Sir, please throw some light on my doubt.

Warm Regards,  
Tensed TDS Student


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-05T11:24:02.998Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) . Hi sir, I also edited the form after deadline. I just
added /ask in the end‚Ä¶


---
### Sarthak Singh Gaur (2025-04-05T13:37:36.584Z)

any update on this would be appreciated [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Parthiv (2025-04-05T16:56:26.126Z)

I would like to clarify something, I had gotten a couple of get requests on my
ngrok api endpoint .(but I had set it up for post req as per the P2 details)
.Wanted to know if this is requests from ur side. Thank you


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-05T17:58:59.692Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Impression:** The image shows a terminal window, likely from a Linux
or Unix-based system, displaying log entries. These logs appear to be
generated by a Python program named "TDS" with process ID 79249. The log
entries are formatted with a timestamp, the program name, the log level (INFO
or WARNING), and a message describing an HTTP request. **Textual Content
Breakdown:** * **Timestamps:** Each line begins with a timestamp in the format
"Apr 05 HH:MM:SS" (e.g., "Apr 05 14:19:25"). This indicates the date and time
when the log entry was recorded. * **Program Information:** Following the
timestamp is "TDS python [79249]:". "TDS" is the name of the Python program,
and "79249" is the process ID (PID) of the running program. * **Log Level:**
Next is the log level, which can be either "INFO:" or "WARNING:". "INFO"
indicates a standard informational message, while "WARNING" indicates a
potentially problematic or unusual situation. * **IP Addresses and Ports:**
Each line contains an IP address and port number (e.g., "162.243.238.100:0").
This represents the client's address that made the HTTP request. * **HTTP
Request Details:** The majority of the lines describe HTTP requests. The
information generally includes: * The HTTP method (e.g., "GET", "PROPFIND",
"POST"). * The requested URL path (e.g., "/t4", "/favicon.ico", "/", "/.env").
* The HTTP protocol version (e.g., "HTTP/1.0", "HTTP/1.1"). * The HTTP status
code (e.g., "200 OK", "404 Not Found", "405 Method Not Allowed"). **Key
Observations:** * **HTTP Status Codes:** * "200 OK" indicates a successful
request. * "404 Not Found" indicates that the requested resource was not found
on the server. * "405 Method Not Allowed" indicates that the server does not
allow the requested HTTP method on the specified resource. * **Commonly
Requested URLs:** The requests are attempting to access resources such as
`/t4`, `/favicon.ico`, `/`, `/.env`, `/.git/config`, `/actuator/health`,
`/logincheck`. * **Potential Vulnerability Scans:** The presence of requests
for "/.env" and "/.git/config" suggests someone may be probing the server for
sensitive information, as these files often contain environment variables and
Git configuration data, respectively. The request for
"/autodiscover/autodiscover.json?@zdi/Powershell" is a known attack vector. *
**One Warning:** There is one "WARNING" entry stating "Invalid HTTP request
received." * **Terminal Prompt:** The last line, "azureuser@TDS:\~\$", shows
the terminal prompt, indicating that the user "azureuser" is logged into a
system named "TDS" and is currently in their home directory. **In summary, the
image shows a log of HTTP requests to a server, with some requests being
successful (200 OK) and others resulting in errors (404 Not Found, 405 Method
Not Allowed). There are some indications that the server may be the target of
vulnerability scanning, and one instance of an invalid HTTP request.**
]Screenshot 2025-04-05 2323531758√ó564 57.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/a/fac3f095316947fa8d5b510bbf9521fa01cdf1ff.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-05 232353")

  
something‚Äôs cooking‚Ä¶ :sweat_smile: And it doesn‚Äôt seem like good news for us ‚Äî
at least from the initial visuals.


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-05T18:51:12.099Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) I‚Äôm noticing frequent requests from globally scattered
IPs‚Äîmostly from cloud or bulletproof hosts like DigitalOcean, Contabo, and
Azure‚Äîtargeting sensitive paths like `/t4`, `/logincheck`, `/.env`, and
`/.git/config`. These include IPs from places like New York (162.243.238.100),
London (34.89.64.89), Amsterdam (45.148.10.172), Moscow (84.201.151.18),
Jaipur (103.175.163.104), and Vilnius (85.255.108.243). It really seems like
automated vulnerability scanning or botnet activity. Carlton, what can I do??


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-06T04:47:59.351Z)

Several students have made the exact same problem. We are looking into it.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-06T04:49:41.116Z)

The evaluation script is ready and the evaluations are going on. So have no
worries, your $75 are enough to carry out several evaluations.


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-06T06:31:16.150Z)

My server shut down can you ask me to run the server again?
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-06T06:33:11.885Z)

I‚Äôm running the servers now, i got a bunch hits from random ip s what is the
ip address i add a verification if need be


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-06T06:34:51.535Z)

INFO: Shutting down  
INFO: Waiting for application shutdown.  
INFO: Application shutdown complete.  
INFO: Finished server process [15355]  
INFO: Stopping reloader process [11917]

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
.

23f1002382@ds.study.iitm.ac.in@tdsproj2:~/tds-solver_NEW$ ps -a  
PID TTY TIME CMD  
24617 pts/0 00:00:01 python3  
24619 pts/0 00:00:00 python3  
24620 pts/0 00:00:01 python3  
24645 pts/0 00:00:00 ps

ran it again. You can see from the process id that was actually a process that
was started long back


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-06T06:41:00.743Z)

Also a better evaluation strat would be to submit the GitHub repo in the
form(Else they can make changes to the repo, who checks the commit history?)
and maybe conduct a 2 min demo where the student clones the repo and then you
run the script?  
I know many students are there but other subjects do it for project courses?

Maybe a helpful tip for next time

If i do fail and repeat this course. Hopefully not XD


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-04-06T07:11:02.137Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
I too faced the same issue, I received a bunch of hits from random ip
addresses and it got shut down.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Impression:** The image appears to be a console or terminal output
log from a server application. It shows a mix of information and warning
messages related to HTTP requests and server shutdown. **Key Text Elements:**
* **"WARNING: Invalid HTTP request received."** This is a recurring message,
indicating that the server is encountering malformed or otherwise unacceptable
HTTP requests. * **"INFO:"** This prefix marks lines containing informational
messages. * **IP Addresses and Ports:** Several lines start with IP addresses
and port numbers (e.g., "104.234.115.27:34430"). These identify the source of
the HTTP requests. * **HTTP Request Details:** Following the IP and port, the
log shows the HTTP method (e.g., "GET," "POST"), the requested path (e.g.,
"/", "/admin/index.html," "/login.jsp"), and the HTTP version (e.g.,
"HTTP/1.1," "HTTP/1.0"). * **"404 Not Found"**: This is a common HTTP status
code indicating that the requested resource was not found on the server. Many
of the "INFO" messages end with this, signifying that the requests resulted in
a 404 error. * **Specific URLs/Paths**: A variety of URLs are being requested,
including: * General paths like "/" and "/web/" * Paths related to login
functionalities (e.g., "/login.html", "/login.jsp", "/manage/account/login") *
Paths that might indicate attempts to find admin panels (e.g.,
"/admin/index.html", "//admin/login.asp") * Paths that might be related to
common files or vulnerabilities (e.g., "/.env.bak", "/.env",
"/containers/json", "/hudson", "/doc/index.html", "/remote/login") * An
unusual path: "/%2BCSCOE%2B/logon.html" * A "POST" request:
"/goform/set\\_LimitClient\\_cfg" * **Shutdown Messages**: * "Shutting down" *
"Waiting for application shutdown" * "Application shutdown complete" *
"Finished server process \\[1320]" This section indicates that the server
application is being shut down gracefully. The number "1320" is likely the
process ID. **Interpretation and Possible Scenarios:** * **Security
Scanning/Probing**: The repeated "404 Not Found" errors, combined with the
diverse set of requested paths, suggest that someone or something (like a
security scanner or bot) is probing the server for common vulnerabilities,
admin interfaces, or configuration files. The variety of URLs indicates an
attempt to uncover potential weaknesses. * **Application Issues**: The
"Invalid HTTP request received" messages could point to issues with how
clients are formulating HTTP requests or problems in the server's request
parsing logic. * **Server Shutdown**: The shutdown messages indicate that the
server is either being restarted or intentionally stopped. This might be a
planned maintenance event or a response to detected security threats. **In
summary, the image depicts a server log showing a series of HTTP requests,
many resulting in "404 Not Found" errors, along with warning messages about
invalid requests and indications that the server is being shut down.**
]Screenshot 2025-04-06 at 12.37.36 PM1340√ó1132 196
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/2/92ca930ea02d9e1d06f8929e64d3777d75602b60.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-04-06 at 12.37.36 PM")

I started it once again. Can you please reevaluate it now if it hasn‚Äôt been
done yet. I actually tested it till 3rd of April and it was working fine. I
don‚Äôt know what actually happened. Please do consider.

Actually in the free tier there are many issues. These issues are beyond our
control and I request the TDS team to please consider this issue and please
consider re-evaluating it if it has not been done yet as we had put in a lot
of efforts.


---
### Parthiv (2025-04-06T07:15:25.961Z)

i havent recieved any pings yet . Has it pinged everyone or is it still coming
batch by batch


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-06T07:16:49.857Z)

Now my token is expired?


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-06T07:17:25.537Z)

They revoked token access?


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-06T07:30:53.676Z)

My env only shut down its running again lol

You have used 11 requests this month (2025-04), costing 0.01 USD.

so maybe you guys have not hit my server yet im guessing


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-06T07:41:08.690Z)

154.81.156.35:57962 this ip keeps pinging , is this the teams?
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-06T08:07:50.000Z)

Just do a geographic search on the ip


---
### S Smriti (2025-04-06T08:48:44.696Z)

Even am getting random requests from US,Netherlands, Singapore etc‚Ä¶ what might
be the reason :thinking:


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-06T09:33:36.150Z)

Hi [@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382)  
I re-ran evaluation on your endpoint, and it completed successfully.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-06T09:43:51.000Z)

They are malicious probes. A global cyber war is going on. So anything that
can be compromised is being probed.


---
### Vikram Suriyanarayanan (2025-04-06T10:58:43.777Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) sir

A lot of us have hosted on Azure and other platforms and were wondering by
when we could expect project 2 marks so that we can take this down ? Could we
have rough idea as to when the results will be available ?


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-06T11:41:01.602Z)

[@Carlton](/u/carlton), I believe you all have evaluated it. For me, there are
some requests from a known IP with the following location details:

    
    
    {'status': 'success', 'country': 'India', 'countryCode': 'IN', 'region': 'TN', 'regionName': 'Tamil Nadu', 'city': 'Chennai', 'zip': '600042', 'lat': 13.0895, 'lon': 80.2739, 'timezone': 'Asia/Kolkata', 'isp': 'IIT Madras', 'org': 'IITM', 'as': 'AS141340 IIT Madras', 'query': '103.158.43.17'}
    

This request was made at 4:38:19 IST.  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Impression:** The image shows a terminal window. It displays several lines of
log entries followed by a typical command prompt. **Detailed Elements:** *
**Log Entries:** * Each entry starts with date and time information,
specifying the month, day, hour, minute, and second (e.g., "Apr 06 10:10:28").
* They also contain "TDS python [79249]: INFO:" indicating that it's from a
"TDS" system process, likely involving a Python script, with a process ID of
79249, and it's logged as an "INFO" level message. * A common IP address
"103.158.43.17:0" is highlighted in red, implying it's a point of focus or
interest. * The log entries depict HTTP requests. One is a "GET" request for
"/favicon.ico", and the others are "POST" requests to "/api". * HTTP status
codes and messages are shown, specifically "200 OK," indicating successful
requests. * **Command Prompt:** * At the bottom, "azureuser@TDS:~$", This is a
typical Linux/Unix style command prompt. It indicates the current user
("azureuser"), the hostname ("TDS"), and the current directory (home directory
"~"). The "$" signifies that it's a normal user prompt (not root). **Key
Observations and Potential Inferences:** * The log entries suggest that a
system on April 6th processed requests from the IP address 103.158.43.17:0,
specifically an initial request for a favicon and several POST requests to an
API endpoint. * The time stamps of the POST requests occurring consecutively
indicate that the system handled multiple API requests in quick succession. *
The terminal is part of an Azure environment (based on the "azureuser"). *
"TDS" might be the name of the machine or a relevant service running on it. In
conclusion, the image portrays a Linux/Unix terminal displaying log entries
from a Python process within an Azure environment, related to HTTP requests
involving an IP address and API endpoint. ]Screenshot 2025-04-06
1703051231√ó173 5.14 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/3/13f9716cb0274b7528517e12fd041f6bd7717d5e.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-06 170305")


---
### S Smriti (2025-04-06T12:06:55.588Z)

Are the evaluations done by any chance? I havent received any requests from an
Indian IP address yet‚Ä¶


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-06T13:12:08.467Z)

Evals are going on. I just checked my logs, it seems like we ran evaluation on
your endpoint, but it looks like your server wasn‚Äôt running.


---
### S Smriti (2025-04-06T13:14:26.103Z)

But i tried and its working can you let me know what I can do?  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Layout** The image is a screenshot of a tool likely used for making API
requests, similar to Postman or Insomnia. It displays a request configuration
and the corresponding response. **Top Section (Request Configuration)** *
**Endpoint:** The API endpoint is `4.213.61.248:8080/api`. It is a POST
request. * **Tabs:** Tabs across the top allow configuration of different
aspects of the request: "Params", "Authorization", "Headers", "Body",
"Scripts", and "Settings". * **Body Tab:** The "Body" tab is active,
indicating we're looking at the request body. * **Body Type:** The request
body is in "form-data" format. * **Form Data:** There's one key-value pair
defined: * Key: `question` * Value: `what is output of -s?` **Bottom Section
(Response)** * **Tabs:** The response area has tabs "Body", "Cookies",
"Headers", and "Test Results". * **JSON View:** The "JSON" tab is active,
showing the response in JSON format. * **Status:** The response status is "200
OK", indicating a successful request. The response time was 5.00s and the
response size was 2.08KB. * **JSON Payload:** The JSON response contains a
single key: "answer". The value associated with "answer" is a detailed string
describing system information. This likely means the API endpoint provides
some sort of diagnostic output based on the input. **Content of "answer"** The
"answer" value contains a lot of system information: * **Version:** Code
1.96.2 * **OS Version:** Darwin arm64 24.2.0 * **CPU:** Apple M1 * **Memory:**
8GB * **GPU information:** * `direct_rendering_display_compositor`:
`disabled_off_ok` * `gpu_compositing`: `enabled_on` * `opengl`: enabled **In
summary** The image captures an API request being made. The request sends a
question, and the server responds with detailed system information, suggesting
that the question triggers a system diagnostic report. ]image1337√ó754 55.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/5/0590dc73054cb36b3109f0338911fdc231ff0937.png
"image")

  

[[Image could not be described]image1914√ó292 40.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/6/b648e1445e752d02cebfac10a95e9d507f9a4ad3.png
"image")


---
### S Smriti (2025-04-06T13:16:47.769Z)

I have been doing this the entire day even yest and getting the output. Can
you please check again :sob:


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-06T13:19:20.836Z)

It seems like your server went offline for some reason when we ran evaluations
on it. Keep your server running for the next 2 hours, we‚Äôll run a re-
evaluation.


---
### S Smriti (2025-04-06T13:19:51.318Z)

Yes sure thank you so much. It is running right now


---
### Tanush Tambe (2025-04-06T13:28:35.261Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
The same thing happened to me.  
I have not received request from Indian ip as far as I can see on the logs.  
Can you please check if my server responded or not ?  
I am using Google cloud and the VM was running continuously‚Ä¶


---
### S Smriti (2025-04-06T13:40:55.409Z)

I just now checked it ran! all 5 qs thank you so much!


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-06T13:55:30.851Z)

Your submission was complete successfully. Even your score card has been
generated.


---
### Tanush Tambe (2025-04-06T13:57:03.880Z)

Thank you so much sir‚Ä¶


---
### Manit Bohra (2025-04-06T14:26:15.175Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) \- This is 24f1001631  
The same thing has happened to me as the mentioned above. I also have not
received request from Indian IP as far as I can see on the logs. I am using
the azure VM itself.  
I rechecked and maybe the server went offline, so I re-ran the script anyway
and checked a few questions now and it works.  
I think after a certain while it timed out for me(not entirely sure tho)‚Ä¶ but
i fixed it.

ga1 q1  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Context** The image appears to be a screenshot of a software testing
tool like Postman or Insomnia, being used to send a POST request to an API.
The interface shows the request configuration and the response received. **Key
Areas & Elements** 1\. **Top Bar/Title:** * "TDS-Project2-Testing-Again / ga1
/ q1-working-now" suggests this is part of a testing project, potentially
focused on a specific goal or question. 2\. **Request Configuration (Top
Section):** * **Request Type:** POST * **URL:** 104.211.116.95:8080/api *
**Tabs:** Params, Authorization, Headers (9), Body, Scripts, Settings. The
"Body" tab is highlighted, indicating it's currently selected. * **Body
Type:** "form-data" is selected, meaning data is being sent as key-value pairs
suitable for web forms. * **Key-Value Pairs:** * Key: "question" * Value:
"Install and run Visual Studio Code. In your Terminal (or...)" This is the
question being sent to the API. * There is also a "file" key, but no value has
been chosen. 3\. **Response (Bottom Section):** * **Tabs:** Body, Cookies,
Headers (4), Test Results * **Status:** 200 OK (green) - This indicates the
request was successful. * **Time:** 3.86s * **Size:** 2.08 KB * **Response
Format:** JSON is selected. * **JSON Content:** * The response contains a
single key: "answer" * The value associated with "answer" is a long string
containing system information, likely extracted from the environment where the
API is running. The information includes: * Version information * OS details
(Darwin arm64, Apple M1) * CPU and memory information * GPU details * Process
related information **In summary:** The image shows a test where a question is
sent to an API, likely related to running Visual Studio Code in a terminal.
The API responds with system information, providing details about the
environment. ]image1378√ó866 65 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/3/7394a5257884162f7de2da5edebfea971446cd0e.png
"image")

ga5 q5  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed breakdown of the image content:
**Overall Context:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a web API testing
tool, likely Postman or a similar application. It shows a request being
constructed and the corresponding response received. The tool is set to a dark
theme. **Top Section:** * **Title/Path:** `TDS-Project2-Testing-Again / ga5 /
q5-working` This likely indicates the project, a sub-directory/category and a
specific test case being worked on. * **Request Type and URL:** `POST` is
selected as the HTTP method. The URL is `104.211.116.95:8080/api`. This is an
IP address and port number, indicating a specific server and API endpoint. *
**Action Buttons:** "Save", "Share", and a blue "Send" button, which is likely
used to initiate the API request. There is also a "Cookies" button to the
right of the "Send" button. **Middle Section (Request Body):** * **Tab
Selection:** The "Body" tab is selected, indicating the user is configuring
the data being sent with the request. Other tabs are visible: "Params,"
"Authorization," "Headers (9)," and "Scripts," "Settings." * **Body Type:**
"form-data" is selected. This is a common way to send data, particularly when
including files. Other options are visible: "x-www-form-urlencoded", "raw",
"binary", "GraphQL". * **Key-Value Table (form-data):** * **Row 1:** *
Checkbox is checked. * **Key:** "question" * **Value Type:** "Text" *
**Value:** "Sales Analytics at GlobalRetail Insights" * **Row 2:** * Checkbox
is checked. * **Key:** "file" * **Value Type:** "File" * **Value:** "a
q-clean-up-sales-data (7).json" (This indicates a JSON file is being uploaded)
* There's a cloud icon, potentially a button to select the file from the local
system. * **Row 3:** * Empty Row for a new entry with a Key and Value pair.
**Bottom Section (Response):** * **Tab Selection:** "Body" is selected. Other
tabs are "Cookies," "Headers (4)," and "Test Results". * **Status Code:** "200
OK" indicating the API call was successful. Response took 3.68 seconds and the
size is 143 Bytes. * **Response Format:** "{ } JSON" is selected, which means
the response is in JSON format. A "Preview" and "Visualize" button are
available. * **JSON Response:** ```json { "answer": "10687" } ``` **In
Summary:** The image shows a successful API request to a specific endpoint.
The request sends a text question and a JSON file. The API responds with a
JSON object containing an "answer" field with the value "10687."
]image1384√ó644 48 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/b/9b64c8881a11f6110514f83dabb9e733f46865d9.png
"image")


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-06T15:44:04.820Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Hi sir, can you check and say if my server has been evaluated?  
roll no.23f3000975  
thank you in advance


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-06T16:17:58.832Z)

Yes you have been evaluated.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-06T16:28:58.937Z)

You have been evaluated [@ItsMeAlex](/u/itsmealex)


---
### Manit Bohra (2025-04-06T16:59:11.468Z)

Thanks Saransh.  
PS: Just wanted to know how did u automate the testing of something like
this?(Postman?)


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-06T17:03:50.134Z)

Create a shell script that loops through the list of API endpoints and uses
`curl` to send requests to each. You can pass headers, authentication tokens,
or data as needed.


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-06T17:11:24.475Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Hi sir, just wanted to know when will the results be released. And also in the
image I attached it I think shows five different scores for each questions you
asked through curl. Is that the mark for each questions and total mark should
be considered?

also want to know if we need to do any extra projects for the bonus marks.

thank you  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**General Layout:** * The image appears to be a photograph of a computer
screen. * The screen displays text-based output, likely from a console or
terminal window within a development environment (like an IDE). * There are
some reflections on the screen. The background is mostly dark. **Text Content
and Structure:** The text displayed on the screen shows a log of activity,
likely from a software application or script. Here's a breakdown of the
recognizable patterns: * **Top of the screen:** You can see the tabs for a
debug console, a terminal, ports, query results, and comments. * **"data
science tool//GA2//third.py (score: 8.30)"**: This suggests that a script
named "third.py" within a directory structure ("data science tool/GA2") has
been processed and assigned a score of 8.30. * **"question with file:" and
"for:"**: This indicates that questions are being associated with specific
files. The question "for" might indicate the solution for the problem in the
file. * **"https://[USER].github.io"**: This indicates a query is being made
to a Github repository. The username has been masked. * **"‚Ä¶ POST /ask
HTTP/1.1" 200 OK"**: This is a typical HTTP request/response indicator,
showing a successful POST request ("200 OK" means success). * **"tds_app -
INFO - Processing question:"**: This suggests a tool or application named
"tds_app" is running. The "INFO" implies it's logging informational messages.
It seems to be processing natural language questions. * **Example Questions**:
* "LexiSolve Inc. is a startup that delivers a conv‚Ä¶" * "There is a tickets
table in a SQLite database that‚Ä¶" * "Search using the Hacker News RSS API for
the lates‚Ä¶" * "As a data analyst at DataSure Technologies, you ha‚Ä¶" * **File
paths**: You can see file paths like "E://data science tool//GA3//second.py"
and "C:\\\Users\\\hsent\\\AppData\\\Local\\\Temp\\\unleash-repo-
schema-v1-codeium-language-server.json". These are file locations on a
computer's file system. * **Scores:** Different files seem to be assigned
different scores, such as 12.90, 5.90, 7.70, and 14.50. These scores are
likely related to the relevance or accuracy of the solutions generated for the
questions. **Other Details:** * **"REDMI NOTE 12"**: This text is likely a
watermark from the phone used to take the picture. * **Date and Time:** The
bottom right corner displays a date and time: "06/04/2025 22:40". **Overall
Impression:** The image captures a developer's workflow, possibly related to a
question-answering system or a tool that processes natural language queries to
find relevant code or data science solutions. The "tds_app" seems to be the
core application, and it's interacting with various scripts and data files.
The scores likely reflect the quality of the application's responses to the
questions. ]10000831091920√ó1446 286 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/0/10ca02745240a3bbd4d5ab955b5c603275a32ee9.jpeg
"1000083109")


---
### Parthiv (2025-04-06T17:30:28.788Z)

i am running via ngrok , and have recieved no pings yet please check


---
### Manit Bohra (2025-04-06T17:37:11.370Z)

This Makes sense. Thanks.


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-06T17:40:03.992Z)

please send complete screenshot ..


---
### Vikram Suriyanarayanan (2025-04-06T17:51:56.957Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) and [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir ..

Please check my link sir and please use http instead of https , I have
submitted the link correctly ‚Ä¶Kindly co-operate..


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-06T19:20:56.079Z)

Postman can‚Äôt be used for automation. Had to write a script for the entire
process.


---
### Yogesh (2025-04-07T00:32:26.695Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) I see a lot of 308‚Äôs as status codes in the
logs I can see on render. Could you let me know if testing of my project was
successful? Or if I did something wrong? My roll number is 21f2001573.

(A hint on my score would be welcome. ^_^)


---
### Parthiv (2025-04-07T02:36:34.395Z)

can u please check 23f3001787 as i havent recieved any hits on my ngrok logs


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-07T05:17:43.616Z)

Thanks lol maybe i wont fail XD. But really thanks


---
### Andrew David (2025-04-07T05:18:53.941Z)

Lol that question was only right for you XD


---
### Kartavya (2025-04-07T05:49:49.403Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Sir can you please check 24f2000940?


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-04-07T08:44:09.217Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) could you please give indication of how
long we should keep the server running? Is it ok to shut those down now or
will more evaluations be conducted?


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-07T10:27:49.030Z)

You have been evaluated.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-07T10:32:36.488Z)

Your app crashed during the initial evaluation. But the re-run was successful.


---
### Shambhavi  (2025-04-07T10:40:23.153Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir could you please check for 24f2003130‚Ä¶ Today‚Äôs
morning there was a glitch in my vercel‚Ä¶but I think since it was after
evaluation it shouldn‚Äôt have impacted that‚Ä¶could you please verify it once


---
### Yogesh (2025-04-07T10:43:25.324Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) a gentle reminder.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-07T11:16:07.181Z)

You have been successfully evaluated


---
### Parthiv (2025-04-07T11:27:52.796Z)

thank you , so I can shut my ngrok session now right


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-07T11:32:33.519Z)

Keep it running for the next hour, have to generate your report/


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-07T12:02:04.487Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Hello sir, can you please say when can we expect results to be published? .

Also we would like to know still how much time or days should our server be
running?

Thankyou in advance


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-07T12:20:58.912Z)

can you share your email id


---
### Parthiv (2025-04-07T12:28:09.960Z)

will I know if its done generating ?


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-07T12:28:59.901Z)

[@saransh_saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton) Can we kindly expect
the result for Project 2 today?


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-07T12:31:47.800Z)

No, but we‚Äôll release the first batch soon.


---
### DIGVIJAYSINH SANDEEPSINH CHUDASAMA (2025-04-07T12:33:42.136Z)

Hello [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Could you please share an update on the expected results
for P2? Also, could you confirm whether my evaluation has been completed?  
Additionally, when would it be safe to stop the VM, as it is consuming a
significant amount of credits?  
Looking forward to your response.  
Thanks and Regards.


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-04-07T12:34:28.740Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
is my evaluated yet? lemme know due to credit on azure need to check them
also.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-07T12:35:30.715Z)

Hello,

I wanted to provide an update regarding the issue I faced while I was in
Jammu. During my stay, my laptop was on, but I encountered an error that
caused my endpoint to crash. It seemed that Cloudflared mentioned needing an
update, which I believe contributed to the problem.

Now that I‚Äôm back in Delhi, I‚Äôm connected to the internet, and I‚Äôm happy to
report that my endpoint is working again.

see this image I have designed my endpoint to monitor with discord webhook  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image is
a screenshot of what appears to be a dashboard or monitoring interface. It has
a dark theme with light text for readability. **Content Details:** * **Top
Section:** * "Total requests: 39" * "IP addresses" followed by
"43.230.106.157: 39 requests" * "Recent queries:" * "InfoCore Solutions is a
technology consulting firm that maintains an extensive internal knowledge
ba..." * "Develop a FastAPI application that:" * "Exposes a GET endpoint
/execute?q.... where the query parameter..." * **Middle Section:** * "Prompt
to Yes" * "ESPN Cricinfo has ODI batting stats for each batsman. The result is
paginated across multiple pages..." * "Source: Utilize IMDb's advanced web
search at
[https://www.imdb.com/search/title/](https://www.imdb.com/search/title/) to
access movie dat..." * **IMDb Section:** * "IMDb" and "Advanced search" are
listed. * A large yellow box with the IMDb logo ("IMDb") inside. * **Bottom
Section (Alert/Status):** * "ALERT: API Status - 2025-04-07 13:01:32" * "The
API at app.algsoch.tech is currently DOWN or experiencing issues." * "API is
DOWN" * "Status: DOWN" * "Last checked: 2025-04-07 13:01:32" **Overall
Impression:** The image shows a dashboard that's likely used for monitoring
API requests, queries, and the status of an API service. It tracks request
statistics, logs recent queries, and displays alerts when the API is down. The
mention of IMDb suggests that IMDb data may be related to one of the queries
or the purpose of the API. The year "2025" implies it may be a system test,
example or that the date has been entered incorrectly.]image1543√ó875 50.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/9/79b265cdf296dd8ae706942f922eaf7bf6253edc.png
"image")


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-07T12:39:00.314Z)

Its done [@parthivn28](/u/parthivn28)


---
### Parthiv (2025-04-07T12:42:49.364Z)

thank you for the swift response


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-04-07T12:48:37.986Z)

Hey [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) , can you please confirm if my report
was created or not so that I can turn off the vm on azure if it has been done
already.

Thank you again!


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-04-07T12:53:02.405Z)

Hi [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Hope you‚Äôre doing well.  
If the evaluation process has been completed, kindly let us know so that we
can stop the Azure Web App service.  
My roll number is: **21f3001076**.

Thank you!  
Best regards,  
Lakshay


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-07T13:03:00.113Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Hello sir, my mail id is 23f3000975@ds.study.iitm.ac.in

If possible I would like to know my mark.

Thank you


---
### Trebhuvan SB (2025-04-07T16:31:53.538Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Could you let me know if my evaluation is complete? Would like to shut down my
vm.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-07T16:36:24.017Z)

Yes, [@21f2000709](/u/21f2000709) Your entire evaluation has been completed,
along with your report generation. You may shutdown your VM.


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-07T16:48:33.125Z)

[Image could not be described] HARISH.S:

> 23f3000975

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Sir, is my evaluation and project report generation completed.? can i also
close the server?  
my roll no.23f3000975


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-04-07T20:14:34.109Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Sir, I saw from the logs on Cloud Run that my project was probably evaluated
on 5th April at around 11:51 PM and all the requests made during that time
resulted in 3 response status codes: 302, 307 and 405 by no fault of my app,
but rather errors in the request itself. I mentioned the exactly correct URL
of my app in the form but the evaluation logs show three different types of
URL to which request was made. As I mentioned in the form, my url is of the
format ‚Äúhttps://‚Ä¶/api/‚Äù and allows only POST requests.

  1. The app was supposed to allow POST requests and I allowed only POST requests, so GET requests even to correct url resulted in 405 response
  2. When POST requests were actually made, two wrong urls were used for all the POST requests  
a. http://‚Ä¶/api/ ‚Üí resulted in 302 response  
b. https://‚Ä¶/api ‚Üí resulted in a 307  
whereas the url I gave was of the format ‚Äúhttps://‚Ä¶/api/‚Äù

The logs from Cloud Run  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Impression** The
image appears to be a log output or network monitoring data from a software
application or system. It presents a chronological sequence of events, showing
timestamps, request types (POST, GET), status codes (e.g., 307, 405, 200),
data sizes, response times, and URLs. **Key Textual Information** *
**Timestamps:** The leftmost column shows timestamps in the format "YYYY-MM-DD
HH:MM:SS.milliseconds," e.g., "2025-04-05 23:51:12.872." These represent the
time of each event. The last event is from 2025-04-06. * **INFO/Error
Indicators:** A small icon precedes the "INFO:" or "!" text, likely
representing information or warning/error messages. * **INFO:** This seems to
indicate the type of message in the log. * **IP Addresses and Ports:** IP
addresses and port numbers are visible, such as "169.254.169.126:49510." These
are likely the source or destination addresses of network requests. * **HTTP
Method and Path:** Strings like "POST /api HTTP/1.1" and "GET /api/ HTTP/1.1"
reveal the HTTP method used (POST or GET) and the requested path ("api/"). *
**HTTP Status Codes:** Numerical codes like "307 Temporary Redirect," "405
Method Not Allowed," and "200" indicate the HTTP status returned by the
server. * **Data Size:** The size of data transferred in bytes is shown, like
"140 B" and "156 B". * **Response Time:** Response times are shown in
milliseconds (ms), e.g., "0 ms," "1 ms," "2 ms," and "509 ms". * **Client
Identifier:** "python-reque" or "python-httpx" is seen, likely indicating the
client that initiated the request (likely a Python script using either
`requests` or `httpx` library). * **URLs:** Full URLs are present, such as
"http://tdsproject2shiva-962709320549.asia-south1.run.app/api/" and
"https://tdsproject2shiva-962709320549.asia-south1.run.app/api/." These URLs
suggest the target application is deployed on Google Cloud Run (asia-south1
region). **Patterns and Interpretations** * A sequence of "307 Temporary
Redirect" responses suggests the server is instructing the client to redirect
to another URL. These redirects are happening with "POST" requests. * "405
Method Not Allowed" errors indicate the client is attempting to use an HTTP
method (e.g., GET) that is not permitted for the requested resource ("/api/").
* The final request shows a "200" status code, which indicates a successful
request. * There appear to be both "http" and "https" URLs being accessed. *
There is a consistent pattern of "INFO" lines interspersed among lines showing
the result of network requests. **In summary, the image presents a log of
network requests to a Google Cloud Run application, revealing a mix of
successful requests, temporary redirects, and method-not-allowed errors. The
requests appear to be initiated by a Python client.** ]image982√ó552 133
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/a/0aec52c2574797f9b3c56589104b77ef4c82bb6d.png
"image")

As you can see from the above logs, all POST requests made to my app have the
wrong url, some have only http and some end with ‚Äú/api‚Äù instead of ‚Äú/api/‚Äù,
both of which do not match with the correct url I gave in the Google Form
(screenshot attached below).

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
its textual content and relevant features: **Overall Structure:** The image
appears to be a screenshot of a Google Forms page, likely for submitting a
project. The form is divided into sections, each with a question and an answer
field. **Section 1: Form Header and Instructions** * **Title:** "TDS Project 2
- Jan 2025" - This indicates the form is for a project named "TDS Project 2"
and has a deadline in January 2025. * **Instructions:** * "Please log in with
your iitm.ac.in or your work email ID." - Specifies the acceptable email
domains for submission. * "You can submit only one response." - Indicates a
single submission is allowed. * "You can correct your response after you
submit." - Implies the form allows for editing after initial submission. *
**Email Recording:** "Your email (22f3000819@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) was recorded
when you submitted this form." - Confirms that the email address of the
submitter is being captured, likely for identification and tracking purposes.
The email address is an iitm.ac.in domain, satisfying the login requirement.
**Section 2: GitHub Repository Link** * **Question:** "What is the link to
your GitHub repository which has the code for Project 2? *" - The asterisk
indicates that this is a required field. * **Format Hint:** "It should look
like https://github.com/user-name/repository-name" - Provides an example URL
structure to guide the user. * **Answer:**
"https://github.com/RichPerspective007/tds_p2" - The user's provided link to
their GitHub repository. The username appears to be "RichPerspective007", and
the repository name is "tds_p2". **Section 3: API Endpoint Link** *
**Question:** "What is the link to your API endpoint? *" - Another required
field, denoted by the asterisk. * **Instruction:** "Make sure we can send a
POST request to this exact URL" - Specifies that the provided API endpoint
must be able to handle POST requests. * **Answer:**
"https://tdsproject2shiva-962709320549.asia-south1.run.app/api/" - The user's
provided API endpoint. It appears to be hosted on Google Cloud Run (asia-
south1 region). **Overall Interpretation:** The form is designed to collect
project submissions, specifically requesting links to the GitHub repository
containing the code and the API endpoint for the project. The instructions and
examples provided aim to ensure the submissions are in the correct format and
meet the required technical specifications (e.g., handling POST requests). The
email address requirement suggests the form is likely used within an academic
or professional context. ]image831√ó645 41.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/6/568addb34b3014bc9b4c0735ff554a6fbc1ca2c4.png
"image")

I request you to re-evaluate my project 2 with the correct url exactly as I
had submitted in the Google Form.

Thank you.  
Regards,  
Shivaditya


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-04-07T20:18:54.592Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

One more thing‚Äîcould you please clarify whether the evaluation process
includes both types of responses mentioned in post number 202?


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-07T20:49:41.709Z)

You have been evaluated.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-04-07T20:55:24.124Z)

You have been evaluated, successfully.


---
### Yogesh (2025-04-08T02:41:32.553Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) Have I been evaluated? My roll number is
21f2001573.


---
### Pritul Santosh Raut  (2025-04-08T02:58:52.606Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) Is my project evaluation done yet? my Roll
no.: 24f1002555


---
### Sujay D (2025-04-08T04:27:00.743Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

Hi sir, when will be project 2 results released for all?

Thanks,  
Sujay D


---
### Hardik D (2025-04-08T05:20:44.584Z)

My IITM student dashboard on the portal shows absent for course project
(COURSE PROJET - Absent). Is this referring to project 1 or 2? Coz i missed
Project 1 but submitted Project 2 successfully. Also the logs show that the
evaluation was performed on the submitted enpoint. So should I be concerned
about the dashboard showing ‚ÄòAbsent‚Äô or will it be updated in a few days?


---
### DIGVIJAYSINH SANDEEPSINH CHUDASAMA (2025-04-08T05:44:08.764Z)

Hello [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) can you please confirm if my report
was created or not so that I can turn off the vm on azure if it has been done
already.


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-04-08T10:56:46.999Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) when can expect result today or tomorrow or
later?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-08T11:08:23.963Z)

Probably in 2 days time assuming no problems or other unforseen errors occur.


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-08T11:08:25.559Z)

[@Carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini), it would be helpful
if you could specify a date ‚Äî a clear deadline


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-08T11:08:59.316Z)

We cant specify a clear deadline. If we could we would. At the present time
there are roughly 100+ evals left in the pipeline. And we retry them to give
students the best chance of getting a score. Sometimes we accomodate some
unusual situations that we have been made aware of but all of those interrupt
our workflows and so it takes time. Which makes this process a little
unpredictable.

This is the first term where we have had students deploy solutions that
require significant compute resources on our end to evaluate. So there was
always going to be hickups. But i think that we have delivered an equally
enriching learning experience as a result which is enough to land you an
actual job. (Might not be so enriching on your CGPA admittedly, but thats a
small price to pay for invaluable skills you hopefully have gained)


---
### Yogesh (2025-04-08T11:10:46.476Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) Could you clarify if some kind of a normalisation will
be done this time as well? Or if some bonus marks will be given? Last time, it
didn‚Äôt help as much because the highest marks were 16.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-08T11:16:27.164Z)

Normalisation is only helpful when no one scores the top marks.


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-08T11:20:13.738Z)

It will be similar in case the top cumulative score after the ET is, say, 90‚Ä¶
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Akash Kumar (2025-04-08T11:43:19.502Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton) Please can you tell
me whether my evaluation is done or not. For roll no: 22f2000946

If yes, I will stop my VM. I am running low on credits.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-08T11:44:46.092Z)

We will complete evaluation in two days. We will also send out a mail today
for those whose evaluation has been completed


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-08T15:40:08.031Z)

sir i am unable to work with other things on my laptop  

[[Image description: The image shows a web browser error message. At the top
is a simple graphic of a document or page icon with "X" marks in place of
eyes, suggesting something is broken. Below that, the text "Aw, Snap!" appears
in a larger, bolder font, indicating the error. Following that is the message
"Something went wrong while displaying this webpage," which explains the
nature of the error. Underneath this message is "Error code: Out of Memory",
providing a technical description of the problem. Finally, there is a
clickable link labeled "Learn more" which would presumably take the user to a
page with additional information or troubleshooting steps related to the
error. The background of the image is a plain white. ]image712√ó574 6.41
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/b/4b116ae521ea905aa16e6f81a5bccddbbedb29bc.png
"image")

  
because laptop giving error because my system ran out of memory and because
api working continuously more than 1 week


---
### ABHIJEET KUMAR  (2025-04-08T16:16:22.103Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
This is a gentle reminder to kindly send the confirmation email indicating for
whom the evaluation of Project 2 has been completed.

Additionally, I would like to confirm whether we can shut down our Azure VM
after this, or if we should keep it running in case there is an additional
evaluation. In one of the sessions, you had mentioned the possibility of
offering alternate questions as a second chance for students, evaluated at
half the original marking scheme (i.e., 2 marks per question).


---
### Mayank Singh (2025-04-08T19:34:54.845Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**General Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a
debugging/logging interface for a web application or function. It's divided
into two main sections: * **Left Side (Logs):** Displays logs related to the
execution of a Vercel Function. * **Right Side (Details):** Provides specific
details about a function invocation, its status, and deployment information.
**Left Side (Logs):** * **Header:** "Logs 3 Total" indicates there are three
log entries shown. * **Log Type:** "Vercel Function" suggests these logs
originate from a function hosted on Vercel. * **Log Entries (Chronological
Order):** * `00:11:07.064 Email ID 23f1000598@ds.study.iitm.ac.in` - A log
message stating an email ID (23f1000598@ds.study.iitm.ac.in). * `00:11:07.112
Email updated in index.html` - A log message indicating that the email was
updated in "index.html" file. * `00:11:07.149 X Failed to trigger workflow:
401 - ("message": "Bad
credentials","documentation_url":"https://docs.github.com/rest","status":
"401")` - This log indicates an error attempting to trigger a workflow,
receiving a 401 "Bad credentials" error. The log provides a link to Github
documentation for details. **Right Side (Details):** * **Firewall Status:**
"Firewall Allowed" indicates firewall isn't blocking connections. * **Function
Invocation Summary:** * "Gateway Timeout 504" - the final status of the
function invocation. * "Route /main.py" - The function invoked is located in
the "main.py" file. * "Location Washington, D.C., USA (iad1)" - Specifies the
geographic location of the function execution. * "Runtime Python 3.12" - The
function is running on Python 3.12. * "Execution Duration / Maximum 10s / 10s"
- The execution duration reached the maximum allowed duration (10 seconds). *
"Memory Used / Maximum 214 MB / 1024 MB" - The function used 214 MB of memory,
out of an allowed maximum of 1024 MB. * "Response finished" - This is marked
in green, but the "Gateway Timeout" status suggests the response wasn't
successful. * **Deployment Information:** * "Deployment ID
dpl_EFXAUNYSadoksLSimpbQCo5jo..." - A unique identifier for the deployment. *
"Environment production" - Indicates the function is running in the production
environment. **Other elements:** * At the top of the image there are two
function logs with timestamps `APR 09 00:11:06.94 POST 504 tds-ga-proj2.ve..
/api/` and `APR 09 00:11:00.79 POST 307 tds-ga-proj2.ve.. /api 127.0.0.1`.
**In summary:** The image shows the logs and details of a Vercel function
invocation that ended with a "Gateway Timeout" error, indicating that the
function took too long to execute. The function was attempting to trigger a
GitHub workflow, but encountered a "Bad credentials" error, further indicating
an issue with authentication or permissions. The function is deployed in the
production environment and is running on Python 3.12. ]image2342√ó990 233
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/3/431749372121aa4f13d99382b7198b647d610060.png
"image")

  
Hello [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) , [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Sir When i test it locally , my LLM is working fine , even running the app ,
it gave result in 2 sec ,  
I dont know what happened in the logs , it was showing some runtime error ,  
As i am using free plan of vercel , so it allow for 10 sec only ,  
I think any heavy file being run , so it just take some more time , more than
10 sec , but inbuild feature of free plan allow to run only 10 sec ‚Ä¶ and thats
why this happened , i guess

does it means , my LLM failed ??  
Can you please try some other question , it will work , or even for heavy
question it work ,  
You can check its working from interface too  
Please check once !!


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-08T21:05:58.568Z)

We will be sending out emails to both sets. Ones who have to keep it on and
ones who can shut it down. If you have not received a shutdown notice, assume
that you have to keep it on. I apologise for the late reply, we ran into some
unforeseen problems, hence the delay.

Thank you for your patience,  
Kind regards


---
### Anushka Kumar (2025-04-09T03:01:10.475Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton), [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj),
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Respected Sir,  
I received an email stating we have to turn on URL endpoint again. I am using
free version of NGROK if I want to re-start my application then my NGROK URL
will change and the forms are closed. What Should I do ? this is urgent.


---
### Sahil Raj  (2025-04-09T04:50:02.038Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir today I received
this email  

[[Image could not be described]image1408√ó305 10.9
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/c/8cd1368eda35b7e543c240616db5872f45b4f63c.png
"image")

  
I have did not turned it off it is just that the first request take time of 50
to 60 sec as you can see in the image.  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Layout:** The image shows a screenshot of the Postman application. This is a
tool commonly used for testing APIs (Application Programming Interfaces).
**Top Section:** * **Tab Titles:** "Untitled-1", "Untitled Request",
"https://fds-pro...". This indicates the current tab is making a request to a
URL starting with "https://fds-pro...". The rest of the URL is obscured. *
**Request Type:** "POST" is selected. This signifies that the API call is a
POST request, typically used to send data to the server to create or update
resources. * **Navigation Tabs:** Below "POST", there are tabs for "Params",
"Authorization", "Headers (12)", "Body", "Pre-request Script", "Tests", and
"Settings". These tabs allow the user to configure different aspects of the
API request. * **Query Params:** Two fields labeled "Key" and "Value" are
present, suggesting that the user can input query parameters for the request.
* **Save/Environment/Send:** Along the right of the header, there are UI
elements for saving the request, selecting an environment (likely for
configuration), and a "Send" button to execute the API call. **Middle
Section:** * The middle of the image is mostly dark, likely representing the
area where the user would define request parameters, headers, or other
details. **Bottom Section:** * **Body/Cookies/Headers/Test Results:** There's
a set of tabs to view response data in different formats. * **JSON Response:**
The "JSON" tab is highlighted, and the content shows a JSON response: ```json
{ "answer": "140" } ``` This indicates that the API call returned a JSON
payload with a key named "answer" and a value of "140". **Status Bar:** * A
status bar at the bottom right displays: * "Status: 200 OK" (Successful
request) * "Time: 53.13 s" (The request took 53.13 seconds) * "Size: 361 B"
(The size of the response is 361 bytes) **In summary:** The image depicts a
successful POST request made in Postman to a URL (partially obscured). The
response is a JSON payload containing a key "answer" with the value "140". The
request took approximately 53 seconds, and the response size was 361 bytes.
]image1842√ó974 33.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/7/f7fcce09ffe413438bd869118c13e81187f0676f.png
"image")

  
and it also take same time in linux  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed breakdown of the image content:
**Overall Impression:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a terminal
window, likely running on a Linux or macOS system. It shows a command being
executed using the `curl` command-line tool, followed by the server's
response. **Text and Content:** 1\. **Terminal Prompt:** *
`sahil@DESKTOP-N2T75TO:~$` This indicates the user's name (sahil), the
hostname of the machine (DESKTOP-N2T75TO), and the current directory (~, which
usually represents the user's home directory). 2\. **Curl Command:** * `curl
-X POST ... /api/" -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-da-ta" -F "question=...` *
This is a `curl` command, used to make HTTP requests. * `-X POST` specifies
that it's a POST request. * `/api/` This is the URL to which the POST request
is being sent. * `-H "Content-Type: multipart/form-da-ta"` sets the HTTP
header for the request, indicating that the data being sent is in
multipart/form-data format. This is commonly used for sending files and other
data in web forms. * `-F "question=..."` This option is used to send form data
as part of the POST request. The `question` parameter is being set. 3\. **The
Question String (embedded in the curl command):** * `Let's make sure you can
write formulas in Google Sheets. Type this formula into Google Sheets. (It
won't work in Excel) =SUM(ARRAY_CONSTRAIN(SEQUENCE(100, 100, 5, 2), 1, 10))
What is the result?"` * This is the text assigned to the `question` parameter.
It asks the user to evaluate a Google Sheets formula. * The core formula is
`SUM(ARRAY_CONSTRAIN(SEQUENCE(100, 100, 5, 2), 1, 10))` * `SEQUENCE(100, 100,
5, 2)` generates a sequence of numbers starting from 5 with an increment of 2.
The sequence will fill 100 rows and 100 columns. * `ARRAY_CONSTRAIN(..., 1,
10)` restricts the array to the first 1 row and the first 10 columns. *
`SUM(...)` sums all the values within the constrained array. 4\. **Server
Response:** * `{"answer":"140"}` * This is the response from the server,
formatted as a JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) string. It contains the key
`answer` and the value `"140"`. This suggests the server evaluated the Google
Sheets formula and returned the result as 140. 5\. **Subsequent Terminal
Prompt:** * `sahil@DESKTOP-N2T75TO:~$` Appears again, indicating the shell is
ready for the next command. **Key Features and Interpretation:** * The image
depicts a scenario where a user is sending a question containing a Google
Sheets formula to a server. * The server evaluates the formula and returns the
answer. * The use of `curl` suggests that the communication between the user
and the server is likely happening through an API endpoint. * The Google
Sheets formula uses functions specific to Google Sheets. * The server
successfully interpreted and calculated the value of the Google Sheets
formula. ]image965√ó175 6.84 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/f/1f9185ba53d2b2112f0f71df1c2b7d94235f0428.png
"image")

  
**Please allow some time for my server hosted on Render to initialize, as it
may take a moment to become fully active.**  
Thank you for your patience and understanding.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-09T04:58:17.370Z)

Just reply to the email that I have sent to you regarding your query. We will
make exceptions for students facing this issue of having a changed end point
due to the way ngrok works.

Kind regards


---
### Pratyush Pulak Nishank (2025-04-09T05:42:29.469Z)

## Humble Request to Update API Request Link

Dear Team,

I hope this message finds you well. I‚Äôm reaching out to kindly ask if it would
be possible to update my API request link for project 2 in TDS. I realized
that I mistakenly used the wrong endpoint in my earlier request.

**Previous API Request Link:**

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image features a simple, modern logo design. It consists of
a white, stylized shape resembling a lightning bolt or a tilted letter "F"
within a teal-colored circle. **Detailed Features:** * **Shape:** The central
shape is a white, abstract symbol that could be interpreted as a stylized
lightning bolt or a leaning letter "F". It is sharp and angular in design. *
**Circle:** The symbol is contained within a solid teal-colored circle. *
**Color:** The two primary colors are white and teal. * **Contrast:** The
white symbol has a strong contrast against the teal background, making it
easily visible. **Potential Interpretations:** The logo could represent: *
Energy or power (due to the lightning bolt imagery). * A company with a name
starting with the letter "F" (though not explicitly). * A technology company
or a brand focused on speed and efficiency.] [project2llm-
production.up.railway.app](https://project2llm-production.up.railway.app/docs)

### [IITM Assignment API - Swagger UI](https://project2llm-
production.up.railway.app/docs)

**Correct API Request Link:**  
<https://project2llm-production.up.railway.app/api/>  
<https://project2llm-production.up.railway.app/api/>

Would it be possible for you to allow me to make this change, or kindly update
the link on my behalf? I sincerely apologize for the confusion, and I‚Äôd be
truly grateful for your support and understanding.

Thank you so much for your time and consideration.

Warm regards,  
Pratyush Pulak Nishhank


---
### Anushka Kumar (2025-04-09T05:58:26.102Z)

Thank you for considering it also one question sir, how long do I have to keep
it running ?


---
### Mayank Singh (2025-04-09T07:36:52.968Z)

But Sir please give some bonus , As in earlier terms , everyone got S grade in
TDS , without doing anything , and from this term the difficulty level
increased rapidly , just like e^x  
Although I know that our LLM doesnt worked fully(100%) , but atleast they
worked 50-60%  
We have learned so many things and try to implement in it too,‚Ä¶

Atleast give some bonus for our hardwork , and participating in both LLM
project , so even we dont get S grade , but will get B , A , grade ‚Ä¶ and our
CGPA doesn‚Äôt decrease much  
because projects hold the major chunk in grading

[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Yogesh (2025-04-09T07:49:06.732Z)

Agree with this sentiment.

Hope there are bonus points for participation in discourse as well.


---
### Shaik Nabiha Mehdi (2025-04-09T08:40:38.135Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
i submitted incorrect api request link

my correct api link:  
<http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/post_ask_question>

is it possible to change some how‚Ä¶


---
### Manu C (2025-04-09T10:16:16.763Z)

suppose i have resolved the hosting issue that the link i provided had now ,
will u still evaluate as i fixed the issue in response to the email i received
on 8th april?


---
### Anushka Kumar (2025-04-09T10:48:05.620Z)

Sir, [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) can I know how long do I need to keep the server
running ?  
Roll No. 22f200559


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-09T10:49:39.648Z)

It seems you have provided a local address endpoint, which means it will only
work on your computer. If I run it on my computer, it will redirect to my port
8000 if it is running.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-09T10:50:42.141Z)

till your endpoint has evaluated


---
### aadhi (2025-04-09T11:28:26.195Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton),[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
sir my roll number is 23f2004462

Due to an unexpected power outage, my PC shut down abruptly, causing my local
server and ngrok tunnel to terminate. When the system rebooted, I restarted
the server and ngrok, which generated a new API endpoint as ngrok URLs are
temporary and change with every session. The previous endpoint is no longer
accessible, and the new one now serves as the API endpoint. I understand the
need for a consistent URL and will explore solutions like reserving a domain
through ngrok‚Äôs paid plan to prevent such issues in the future. Apologies for
any inconvenience caused, and thank you for understanding.

New project 2 url:-
<https://96c8-2401-4900-6290-6a14-b433-2faa-a056-a6e5.ngrok-free.app/api/>


---
### Mugundhan (2025-04-09T11:35:02.954Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) ,[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
same goes for me sir my pc also shut down  
sir my roll number is 23f2005141  
project 2 url <https://b2a4-2401-4900-6290-6a14-b433-2faa-a056-a6e5.ngrok-
free.app/api/>


---
### Shaik Nabiha Mehdi (2025-04-09T12:12:12.408Z)

my project is running and working in vscode but when checked in git its not
like  
post‚Äî401 unauthorized  
i tried making changes today but same issue‚Ä¶  
i think its the token but i tried pasting my token in postman‚Ä¶none worked  
i used api token, proxy token and even github barrier token‚Ä¶that didnt work
either  
can anyon explain why

when i ran it local yep its giving me answers


---
### Harsh Jaiswal (2025-04-09T15:08:39.775Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) Respected sir, by
mistake I have submitted the endpoint as : <https://tds-
project-2-peach.vercel.app/> while the corrected api which is deployed on
vercel for direct requests is : <https://tds-project-2-peach.vercel.app/api/>  
The link provided is also working one but this link has the frontend part not
the url endpoint.  
kindly evaluate me on the basis of the updated link : <https://tds-
project-2-peach.vercel.app/api/>

Reg. No - 23f1001995


---
### Anushka Kumar (2025-04-09T15:14:20.613Z)

I think my endpoint has been evaluated, given how POST requests stopped after
3pm. Do I still have to keep it on perhaps through overnight, my laptop now
has started to heat up. [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir any updates whether my
evaluation is completed or not ?.


---
### Harsh Jaiswal (2025-04-09T15:17:40.066Z)

I kindly request, if you could please consider reevaluating my assignment.
This small error was not reflective of the overall functionality, and I‚Äôm
worried that the resulting grade might significantly impact my performance and
cause me failing in the course.


---
### Atharva Antapurkar (2025-04-09T15:48:49.673Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image content: The
image is a screenshot of an email. **Header:** * The subject line is "[TDS Jan
25] Project 2 Announcement" and it is tagged in the "Inbox". **Sender
Information:** * The sender is "22t1 se2002" and the email was also sent as a
bcc to the user. * There is an "S" icon next to the sender's information.
**Time:** * The email was sent at "2:28 AM" and it was sent "18 hours ago".
**Email Body:** * The email starts with "Dear Learner,". * The main message
reads: "We have successfully completed your evaluations on Project 2
endpoints. You may switch off your server now. You will receive a score for
your Project 2 as soon as all other evaluations are completed." * The email
ends with "Thanks". * The closing is "Kind regards," followed by "TDS Team".
**Other:** * There are icons for printing, replying, and other actions related
to email management in the top right corner. * There is a star icon for
favoriting the email. The email is informing the recipient (a learner) that
their Project 2 evaluations have been successfully completed, and they may now
switch off their server. They will receive a score for Project 2 when all
evaluations are finished. ]Screenshot 2025-04-09 2115351416√ó385 20.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/c/8c7d167541b108740febda23850937b6cf841db8.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-09 211535")

  
I have received this message do this message suggest that my evaluation is
successfully completed coz I forgot to add /api at the end of my vercel url .
Or is it like the submission had ran but ultimately produced my score 0. If
this is the case I request you to reevaluate my submission.  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Harsh Jaiswal (2025-04-09T17:58:35.350Z)

Respected Course Team,

Harsh this side from NIT Allahabad, I am writing to inform you that I received
a notification  

[[Image could not be described]image2096√ó1154 160
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/7/47982d17f0f05b64a27e4f066b996127987dadf9.png
"image")

  
regarding an issue with my submission.

I believe the issue may have occurred because I had mistakenly provided an
incorrect API endpoint in my earlier submission. However, my server is still
actively running on Vercel  
<https://tds-project-2-peach.vercel.app>  
and the correct API endpoint is:

correct api : <https://tds-project-2-peach.vercel.app/api/>

Everything else in the project is functioning as expected. I kindly request
you to re-evaluate my submission using the correct endpoint as i am currently
in my 3rd year of BTech Chemical engineering at NIT Allahabad and my placement
session is coming so i don‚Äôt want to get failed in this course due to such a
small mistake.

Thank you for your understanding and support.


---
### umra (2025-04-09T20:01:41.762Z)

Hello sir  
can you check and say if my server has been evaluated or not ?  
My roll no : 23f3003871

My endpoint is working smoothly, I am showing it to you in this photo.  

[[Image could not be described]10000027021920√ó1440 391
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/9/b9c840dd93a95323d8d27a0d95a1f4641abd8f9c.jpeg
"1000002702")


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-10T02:31:06.298Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
urgent !!  
hello sir my roll no.23f3000975  
My laptop has been on for nearly twelve days. Due to some reasons my laptop
restarted automatically and terminated the ngrok server. So i restarted my
ngrok server and here i attach its url along with its endpoint ‚Äúask‚Äù.

<https://e95b-2405-201-e04b-d085-9cf5-4f92-fe5a-309e.ngrok-free.app/ask>

kindly reply soon SIr‚Ä¶


---
### Harsh Jaiswal (2025-04-10T04:18:43.593Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) sir, please reply


---
### Vishnu Kumar Jha (2025-04-10T04:35:49.751Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Hello sir, could you please confirm whether I have been evaluated or not?  
Roll_No.: 23F3004186  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Content:** The image is a screenshot of an email. The subject of the email is
"TDS P2 Endpoint". **Textual Information:** * **Sender:** The email is from
"23F3004186 VISHNU KUMAR JHA" with the email address
"23f3004186@ds.study.iitm.ac.in". * **Recipient:** The email is addressed to
"22f1001123" * **Body:** * Greeting: "Dear Saransh," * Introduction: "I hope
this message finds you well." * Main message: "Please find below the complete
public endpoint for my P2 API:" * Endpoint URL: "https://vishnu-
dns.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api" * Closing Remark: "Please let me know
if there are any further issues." * Roll Number: "Roll No: 23F3004186" * Sign
off: * "Thank you," * "Vishnu Kumar Jha" **Visual Elements:** * **Sender
Icon:** There's an icon representing the sender, depicting a red car. *
**Formatting:** The text is in a standard email format with clear paragraphs.
The URL is likely a hyperlink. In summary, the email is from Vishnu Kumar Jha
to Saransh providing the public endpoint for a P2 API. It also includes
Vishnu's roll number. ]Screenshot 2025-04-10 100458718√ó524 36.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/f/2f00b2f56a9b51807a5b275efe7289d07811a16e.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-10 100458")


---
### Anushka Kumar (2025-04-10T05:38:53.809Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
sir,  
I kept my laptop on overnight, but in the morning I see my vs-code application
and ngrok server along with google chrome was closed on it‚Äôs own. I am
confused, do I have to run again ? or my enpoint has been evaluated.


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-10T05:41:33.987Z)

i also got this same problem.


---
### Ritwik Trivedi (2025-04-10T06:27:04.404Z)

Do all of us have to give the latest project link or only those whose links
have actually changed. [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj).

Basically should we resubmit the link using the form sent today if our link
has not changed?

PS: Maybe send a mail to everyone to update the access of their GA7 links to
viewer for everyone at IIT Madras.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-10T06:45:46.000Z)

Just submit whatever is the latest working link. You do not have to submit a
new form if you have received an email that said your evaluation was
completed.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-10T06:47:41.299Z)

We already sent an email asking people to update their ga7 permissions


---
### Farhan Zafar (2025-04-10T16:53:24.494Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Could you let me know if my evaluation is complete?


---
### Vikram Suriyanarayanan (2025-04-11T02:52:28.633Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)
[@jkmadathil](/u/jkmadathil)

Dear Sirs,

Most of us have hosted our projects in Azure and this is costing us real money
.. We have just gotten to a stage where if you could just please let us know
if our endpoints have been evaluated and there is some score we will happily
take it down.  
Kindly bear in mind the there is a financial component ( some of us have free
accounts ) involved here and I urge and request you to kindly expedite the
evaluation process so that we decrease the financial burden placed upon us by
this exercise‚Ä¶


---
### Vishnu Kumar Jha (2025-04-11T04:23:27.637Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Sir, please confirm me whether I have been evaluated or not. Because my azure
balance is reducing day by day.


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-04-11T06:56:08.391Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
I just got the mail stating that my evaluation is complete and I can turn off
my server.  
However the Cloud Run logs show that all POST requests were made to the wrong
end point.

The exact url I gave ends with ‚Äú/api/‚Äù but every POST request was either made
to ‚Äú/api‚Äù which resulted in a 307 response or with ‚Äúhttp‚Äù instead of ‚Äúhttps‚Äù
which resulted in a 302 response. Only the get requests were made to the
correct endpoint but since the app was supposed to allow POST requests only,
making GET requests just resulted in 405.  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image shows a screenshot of a Google Cloud Cloud Run
service's log page, displayed on a mobile device. The screen is filled with
log entries, indicating a running application or process is generating these
logs. **Key Elements and Text:** * **Top of the Screen:** * Status bar showing
time (12:16), network indicators, and battery level (82%). * Browser bar with
URL: "cloud.google.com". * **Google Cloud Interface:** * Google Cloud logo and
"Cloud Run" title. * Service details page with "Logs" tab selected. * Service
name: "tdkproject2shiva" and a URL "tdkproject2shiva-ncltz55bff-uc.a.run.app".
* A "Filter" search bar: "Search all fields and values" * **Log Entries:** A
significant part of the screen is filled with log entries. Each entry includes
the following (though details are a bit blurry due to the image's resolution):
* Timestamp (e.g., "2023-04-11 17:26:34 UTC"). * Severity (e.g., "I"). * Log
message. * Several log messages seem to relate to HTTP requests, containing
strings like "GET", "HTTP/1.1", and URLs like "https://tdkproject2shiva". *
Some messages indicate errors like "Error: 'safe_apply.f' did not return a
closed" * Other log messages mention "python-requests/2.31.0". * **Bottom of
the Screen:** * Android navigation bar with back, home, and recent apps
buttons. * "No entry detected matching search query" message. **Details and
Observations:** * The log entries are relatively recent (April 11, 2023). *
The log messages seem to relate to a Python application making HTTP requests.
* Error messages suggest potential issues with the `safe_apply` function.
**Summary:** The image is a screenshot of Google Cloud Run logs for the
"tdkproject2shiva" service, showing recent activity with HTTP requests and a
potential error related to the `safe_apply` function. The logs indicate that
something is running and logging events.]10001508681080√ó2340 242
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/5/9580574bb1d217249c297a48ce0f0365a5db2adc.jpeg
"1000150868")

I request you to use the exact url I gave in the gform and make POST requests
to it to re-evaluate me. I gave the exact url as asked in the form.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** * The image is a screenshot of a mobile phone screen,
specifically an email client interface. * The theme is dark. * The top of the
screen shows typical Android status icons (signal strength, Wi-Fi, battery
percentage, time). * At the bottom, there's a navigation bar with icons for
"recent apps", "home", and "back". **Email Content:** * **From/Subject:** The
email's sender isn't explicitly visible, but the content suggests it's some
kind of form or request related to an API. * **Github Link:** The email starts
with a GitHub link: `https://github.com/RichPerspective007/tds_p2` *
**Question:** A question is asked: "What is the link to your API endpoint?"
This suggests the sender needs a specific URL. It's marked with an asterisk,
likely indicating a required field. * **Instruction:** Following the question
is an instruction: "Make sure we can send a POST request to this exact URL." *
**API Endpoint Link:** The user is asked to give the API endpoint. The API
endpoint url shown is: `https://tdsproject2shiva-962709320549.asia-
south1.run.app/api/` * **Google Form Question:** A note stating "Create your
own Google Form Does this form look suspicious? Report." appears. * **Email
Actions:** Below the main content, there are standard email actions like
"Reply," "Reply all," and "Forward." **Other Elements:** * **Email count:**
There are 99+ unread emails and 8 unread messages. **Interpretation:** The
email is likely part of some development process or a request for information.
Someone needs the API endpoint for a project, specifically requiring a URL
that can handle POST requests. The inclusion of a GitHub link suggests this
might be related to code collaboration or a project repository. The appearance
of the google form question could imply that the email is possibly a test to
check user's security awareness. ]10001508721080√ó2340 197
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/2/e2b9ee41bd014af9ee0f93bb1e327c6d4a69904d.jpeg
"1000150872")

Thanks  
Regards,  
Shivaditya


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-11T06:59:48.030Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
Hello sir,  
I apologize for bothering you again.  
About 30 minutes ago, I received an email stating that project 2 has been
evaluated. However, when I checked my IP stats, I found there is no special
API access. You can verify this. I want to understand whether this is just a
wrong email I received or if there is an issue with your system‚Äôs evaluation.
Please clarify this doubt, as I am unable to focus on my final term exam.  
i closed my local machine too I spent one month on this project please
consider my problem

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Context:** The image appears to be a screenshot from a terminal
window, specifically a PowerShell (PS) prompt on a Windows operating system.
The text output indicates the result of running a Python script named
"uniu.py." **Detailed Content:** 1\. **Terminal Prompt:** * The prompt shows
the directory path: "E:\data science tool\main\grok>". * It indicates a Python
script ("uniu.py") was executed using the "python" command. 2\. **Script
Output:** * "Found 5 unique IP addresses:" - This suggests the script analyzes
data to identify unique IP addresses. * A series of entries follow, each
related to an IP address: * "IP: [IP Address]" - Displays a specific IP
address. Examples: 43.230.106.157, 52.234.41.123, 20.42.17.59, 20.57.44.194,
172.183.175.198 * "Accessed endpoints: /api/" - Indicates that the IP address
accessed the "/api/" endpoint. * "API endpoint access count: [Number]" - Shows
the number of times the IP address accessed the "/api/" endpoint. The counts
are: 93, 48, 39, 43, and 39. 3\. **Summary:** * "Total /api/ endpoint calls:
262" - This is the sum of all calls to the "/api/" endpoint from all the IP
addresses. * "IPs accessing /api/ endpoint: 5" - This indicates that all 5
unique IP addresses listed accessed the "/api/" endpoint. **In summary, the
image displays the output of a Python script that analyzes IP address data,
identifies unique IP addresses, tracks their access to the "/api/" endpoint,
and provides summary statistics on the total number of endpoint calls and the
number of IPs accessing that endpoint.** ]image706√ó592 10.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/f/1f7f32eeb673176b606f506d805cda63ab28ec0c.png
"image")


---
### Sakthivel S (2025-04-11T10:52:28.303Z)

I checked my Vercel logs and saw that the requests were sent to the /api
endpoint instead of the /api/ endpoint that I specifically gave in the google
forms.

To confirm this I also sent a request to /api and /api/ enpoints and the /api
gave a 404 error while /api/ gave a 200 message.

Please look into this  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Shubham Atkal (2025-04-11T11:01:05.804Z)

I have mistakenly filled `tds-project2-final-omega.vercel.app` instead of
`https://tds-project2-final-omega.vercel.app/api/` in gform, i humbly request
you to pls accept this .  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
i have filled gform with 23f1002838@ds.study.iitm.ac.in  
i have filled gform for end point edit i hope this will work


---
### Sagandeep Kaur (2025-04-11T13:26:42.788Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:** *
The image features a single, white letter "S" centered on a dark gray
background. * The letter "S" is lowercase. It appears to be in a simple, sans-
serif font. * The letter is slightly blurred. * The lighting seems to be even,
with no strong highlights or shadows.] 23f2000237:

> I checked my Vercel logs and saw that the requests were sent to the /api
> endpoint i

where did you check it?

Also, on <https://www.vercel-status.com/> this is showing  
**Update** \- npm have released a status page incident, and users can monitor
further updates here: [https://status.npmjs.org](https://status.npmjs.org/)  
Apr 11, 2025 - 03:02 UTC

**Monitoring** \- We have observed authentication issues to private registries
using npm access tokens. Affected users may see 4xx errors when installing
private packages. Manually regenerating tokens appears to resolve this issue.
At this time, there is no official statement from npm or GitHub regarding the
root cause.  
Apr 11, 2025 - 02:37 UTC


---
### Harsh Jaiswal (2025-04-11T21:02:59.367Z)

Yes I also got the same email, but when I checked my vercel dashboard I found
no such api access. Kindly verify this [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### S Smriti (2025-04-14T05:58:53.974Z)

Will we receive scores by today?


---
### Shubhranshu Sharma (2025-04-14T06:50:52.831Z)

Today I got my TDS Project-2 Score and it is showing as absent although I
submitted my TDS project 2 , also deployed the app successfully and also
filled the g-form

Here‚Äôs my deployed application on-render link with the attached screenshot of
my TDS Dashboard:  

[[Image description: Here is a description of the image's content: The image
displays a course progress report for "Tools in Data Science," marked as a
"NEW COURSE." The report lists the scores for several assignments and
assessments. Here's a breakdown: * **Course Title:** Tools in Data Science
(New Course) * **Assignments:** * Week 1 Assignment - 92.50 * Week 2
Assignment - 90.00 * Week 3 Assignment - 0.00 * Week 4 Assignment - 100.00 *
Week 5 Assignment - 100.00 * Week 6 Assignment - Absent * **Quiz:**
PROGRAMMING QUIZ 1 - 90.00 * **Course Projects:** * COURSE PROJECT - 5.00 *
Course Project Score 2 - Absent * **Exam Eligibility:** The student is allowed
to take the End Term Exam. * **Navigation:** A button is present to "Go to
Course page >" The report provides a snapshot of the student's performance in
the course, indicating attendance/submission status (Absent), numerical scores
(e.g., 92.50, 100.00), and the student's eligibility for the end-term exam.
The background of the report is maroon.]image402√ó599 23.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/d/edd1ea44892ef8fde6eff0c80a423dee376348d4.png
"image")

aap link : <https://tds-project2-21f3000591.onrender.com>


---
### Afsal (2025-04-14T06:56:55.832Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Dear Sir,  
In my course dashboard, it shows project 2 status as absent, but i have
already submitted the repo and api points well before deadline in the given
forum. Still my vercel server is running and api is resolving as expected.
Please look into this matter, because I already had issue in my project 1 and
lost marks in that. Expecting a positive response from your end.

ID: 21f2000304


---
### Dhanashree Dhanwant  (2025-04-14T07:36:50.520Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
hello sir, in my portal the project 2 score is showing absent even after
submitting tds project 2 successfully in google form and keeping the server
running all the time, please can you recheck it again, deployment
link:<https://tds-p2-gun1.onrender.com>


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-04-14T07:47:46.709Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Hello Sir, my project 2 score is showing as 0. I had got email saying please
update endpoint because earlier endpoint was having problems. I had sent
<https://c7f6-150-107-43-5.ngrok-free.app/api/> as updated endpoint in google
form on April 10th. Same day I had got around 9 requests on that endpoint
around 4:56 PM. They were 200 OK requests on /api/ and 4 requests were 307
redirect on /api. I presume they were from TDS team. Next day got email to
shut off endpoint. I had tested endpoint locally and on ngrok. Both were fine.
Was the updated endpoint in the google form evaluated? Was there some problem
with the updated endpoint?


---
### Sakthivel S (2025-04-14T08:14:31.481Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

Please look into this, my portal is showing zero marks


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-04-14T08:16:38.295Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
My portal is showing 0 even no github repo is made so are evalaution even
done???  
Pls tell


---
### Gaurav Kumar (2025-04-14T08:26:49.113Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
On my portal it‚Äôs showing that Course Project Score 2 - Absent  
but I submitted and fill the form also deployed the app successfully.


---
### Gayathri (2025-04-14T08:31:13.891Z)

Namaste Sir. The projects have been quite challenging, and I have applied my
knowledge to the best of my ability. I‚Äôve submitted the project but it‚Äôs
showing 0 in the portal. Bonus marks for creating APIs and so in the projects
would be greatly appreciated. I am planning to start my degree in the upcoming
term, and this is the last subject I am completing at this level. So, I kindly
request your assistance, sir.


---
### Srishty (2025-04-14T09:25:44.671Z)

Hello Sir,  
For me as well Project 2 scores are showing 0.I have spent alot of time and
effort in this project. Please look into it.


---
### Sahil Raj  (2025-04-14T09:58:04.751Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) sir ,  
I am writing to kindly request a re-evaluation of my Project 2 submission. As
I had previously mentioned, the Render deployment link I submitted may take
approximately **50 to 60 seconds** to activate upon the first load. This
behavior is typical of free-tier deployments on Render, and I assure you that
the application functions correctly in both **Podman** and **Linux**
environments.

Upon reviewing my Render logs, I could not find any indication that the
project was accessed or evaluated during the expected activation time. To
ensure smooth accessibility, I have also deployed the same GitHub repository
on **Railway** and submitted that link as well.

If possible, I kindly request either of the following:

  1. Re-evaluation using the **Railway link** I provided, or
  2. Re-evaluation using the **Render link** , with allowance for the 50‚Äì60 second activation time.

Your consideration and understanding in this matter would be greatly
appreciated. Please let me know if any further clarification or information is
needed.

Thank you for your support and guidance.


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-04-14T10:02:20.165Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
I knew that this affected my project 2 score and that‚Äôs why I made that
post(the one to which I‚Äôm replying in this message). Please look into this. My
api is working and still on and will be on till 18th April when my credits
will run out. Please re-evaluate my project 2 with the exact url I gave in the
form. My project 2 was evaluated on the wrong url and this led to a zero in
the project 2 score.


---
### Shashikumar Kohir (2025-04-14T10:56:30.426Z)

Hi sir [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)

I need your immediate attention regarding my project-2, as I received zero
marks, but my server is running completely fine. Below are the key points that
I need you to look into:

:white_check_mark: **Server is running and reachable. and Giving Correct
Answers**  
:white_check_mark: **GET and POST requests tested via Postman and VS Code** ,
both return **200 OK**.  
:white_check_mark: **Tested on my laptop and by 10+ other people** ‚Äì all
received correct results.  
:white_check_mark: **No issues seen in logs or deployment** ‚Äì everything was
set up properly.  
:white_check_mark: **Others in my group got full marks** ‚Äì we worked on the
same project.

:red_exclamation_mark: **I have no idea what went wrong during the
evaluation.**  
:red_exclamation_mark: **I‚Äôve spent weeks working on this project** ,
including sleepless nights.  
:red_exclamation_mark: **This is my last term** ‚Äì if I fail, I will have to
repeat the entire diploma.

Please recheck my project thoroughly. Here are the important links for you to
verify:

  * **API Documentation:** [FastAPI - Swagger UI](http://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs)
  * **API Endpoint:** <http://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api>

I truly believe that my server is functioning as expected, and I just need a
re-evaluation to confirm that.

I‚Äôve put in a lot of effort into this, and I sincerely request that you review
it again.

as you can see my vm is working fine here  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image shows the Azure portal, specifically the Serial
console of a virtual machine named "shashitdsproject2". The portal's typical
blue header is visible at the top. The left navigation pane shows the selected
"Serial console" option, along with other options like "Connect," "Help," and
"Boot diagnostics." The main content area displays the serial console's
output, which is primarily text-based. **Code Snippet (Top Right):** A Python
code snippet is present, presumably related to the application running on the
virtual machine. Here are the key parts: * `async def process_request(`:
Defines an asynchronous function named `process_request`. * `question: str =
Form(...)`: Declares a parameter `question` as a string, expected to be
received from a form. * `file: Optional[UploadFile] = File(None)`: Declares an
optional file upload parameter. * `try:`: Indicates the start of a try block.
* `#data = question` * `#print (data)`: These lines appear to be commented
out. **Console Output:** The main area of the screen shows the serial console
output, displaying commands and their results. Important details: * **User and
Path:** Each line begins with `shashi@shashitdsproject2:~/GASolver$`,
indicating the user is "shashi", the machine is "shashitdsproject2", and the
current directory is `~/GASolver`. * **Failed `sudo` command:** The output
shows that the command `sudo systemctl restart nginx` failed with a "sudo:
command not found" error. This suggests the user might not have the necessary
permissions, or sudo isn't configured correctly. * **Uvicorn Status:** The
output includes a status check on the `uvicorn` service. It shows that: *
`uvicorn.service` is a "Uvicorn FastAPI Server". * It is `Loaded` from
`/etc/systemd/system/uvicorn.service`. * Its `Active:` status is `active
(running)` since April 14, 2025, 09:35:04 UTC. * The main process ID is 1782.
* **Uvicorn Startup Logs:** Following the status check, the console logs show
Uvicorn's startup process. This includes: * "Started uvicorn.service -
Uvicorn" * Path to the python interpreter used. * A warning: "Couldn't find
ffmpeg on PATH." This suggests that the application relies on ffmpeg, but it's
not in the system's executable path. This may cause functionality to be
missing. * "Started server process" * "Waiting for application startup" *
"Application startup complete" * "Uvicorn running on ht" (Likely indicates
Uvicorn is running and listening for connections). **Other Details:** * The
browser tab displays "shashitds" implying the project name and an indication
that it relates to `FastAPI`. **In summary, the image shows the Azure serial
console of a VM where a FastAPI application is running using Uvicorn. The
application is started and running but potentially has dependencies missing
(ffmpeg).** ]vm start1917√ó1077 110 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/4/c4651dbc319b2d00ad1f0ea85e10c4c716b3ae25.png
"vm start")

its running as you can see here  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Impression:** The
image appears to be a screenshot of a web interface related to an API request
and response. The interface is likely part of a tool for testing or debugging
an API hosted on Azure. **Key Sections & Text:** 1\. **Top Bar:** * Browser
tabs are visible, indicating multiple open tabs related to development topics
(e.g., "My Dash," "Graded A," "TDS 2025," "FINAL-TO," "Azure for," "Azure VM,"
"Meet"). * The active tab is
"shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs/default/process_request_api_post,"
suggesting the page describes or allows interaction with a specific API
endpoint (possibly for processing requests). * There are the standard browser
controls (back/forward, refresh, etc.) and user profile/settings icons. 2\.
**Interface Elements:** * **"Execute" button:** A prominent button, likely
used to initiate the API request defined in the "Curl" section. * **"Clear"
button:** Probably clears input fields or previous results. * **"Responses"
section:** This is the main area for displaying the results of the API call.
3\. **Curl Request Section:** * The "Curl" section shows the actual command
that would be used to make the API request from a command-line interface. *
`curl -X 'POST'
'https://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api'`: This
indicates a POST request is being made to the specified URL. * `-H 'accept:
application/json'`: Sets the "Accept" header, telling the server that the
client expects a JSON response. * `-H 'Content-Type: multipart/form-data'`:
Specifies that the request body is encoded as multipart/form-data, which is
typically used for sending files. * `-F 'questionwhat is the number of
successful GET requests for pages under /malayalammp3/ from 15:00 until before
22:00 on Saturdays?'`: This defines a form field named "question" with a
textual description about requests on Saturdays. * `-F 'Files-anand.net-
May-2024.gz;type=application/x-gzip'`: Defines another form field that is a
file named "Files-anand.net-May-2024.gz" and its MIME type is set as
"application/x-gzip". 4\. **Request URL:** *
`https://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api`: This section
just reiterates the URL of the API endpoint being targeted. 5\. **Server
Response:** * **Code: 200:** This means the API request was successful. *
**Response Body:** * `{ "answer": "5002" }`: The response body is a JSON
object containing a single field named "answer" with the value "5002". This
suggests the API is calculating or retrieving a numeric result based on the
input. * **Response Headers:** * `access-control-allow-credentials: true` *
`access-control-allow-origin: *` * `connection: keep-alive` * `content-length:
15` * `content-type: application/json` * `date: Mon, 14 Apr 2025 09:35:00 GMT`
* `server: nginx/1.24.0 (Ubuntu)` * **"Download" button:** Implies the
response can be downloaded, likely as a JSON file. 6\. **Responses:** * This
section appears to be for more detailed information about the responses. *
`Code` and `Description` are column headers. **In Summary:** The image shows
the successful execution of a POST request to an API endpoint. The request
likely includes a question about successful GET requests for pages under
"/malayalammp3/" and involves a file. The API returns a JSON response with an
"answer" value of "5002". The interface allows the user to view the request
details (Curl command), the URL, the response code, body, and headers, and to
download the response. ]checking ans1913√ó1075 65.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/4/04546b4805d006ee2763bce3c3d8f1fb9f5eae1f.png
"checking ans")

POST request through postman vscode  

[[Image could not be described]post1535√ó1018 36.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/b/ab704a5f91397ecaefad0c7b700fbf487e6a4e92.png
"post")

GET request through postman vscode  

[[Image could not be described]get1525√ó1030 38.6
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/7/c7f55da5f7b8a633a3011ceafacbe4431b176be5.png
"get")

my server running on my friends on my friends laptop  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed breakdown of the image content:
**Overall Context** The image shows a web browser window displaying the
documentation or interface for an API. The API seems to be related to GitHub
Pages URL retrieval. **Key Text Elements:** * **URL in Address Bar:**
`shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs#/default/process_request_api_post`
* This is the URL of the page. It's hosted on Azure Cloud App in the central
India region. The specific page is documenting the API endpoint
`process_request_api_post`. * **cURL Request (Partial):** ```
'https://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api' \ -H 'accept:
application/json' \ -H 'Content-Type: multipart/form-data' \ -F 'question-What
is the GitHub Pages URL? It might look like: https://[USER].github.io/[REPO]/'
``` * This shows an example cURL command to interact with the API. * It's
sending a POST request to the API endpoint `/api`. * The request includes
headers for accepting JSON and specifying `multipart/form-data` as the content
type. * The `-F` flag suggests that the request is sending a form field named
"question" with a prompt about finding GitHub Pages URLs, including a
suggestion for the URL format. * **Request URL:**
`https://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api` * The actual
URL used for the request * **Server Response Code:** `200` * Indicates the
request was successful. * **Response Body:** ```json { "answer":
"https://shashikumarkohir.github.io/my-portfolio/" } ``` * The API returned a
JSON response containing an "answer" field. * The value of "answer" is a
GitHub Pages URL: `https://shashikumarkohir.github.io/my-portfolio/`. *
**Response Headers:** ``` access-control-allow-credentials: true access-
control-allow-origin:
https://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com connection: keep-
alive content-length: 61 content-type: application/json date: Mon, 14 Apr 2025
09:39:00 GMT server: nginx/1.24.0 (Ubuntu) vary: Origin ``` * These are
standard HTTP response headers. * `access-control-allow-origin` indicates the
origin that is allowed to access the resource. * `content-type` confirms that
the response is in JSON format. * `server` reveals that the server is running
Nginx version 1.24.0 on Ubuntu. * **Responses:** * Section where details about
possible server responses are displayed **Objects and Features:** * **Download
Button:** This button likely allows users to download the API response. *
**Browser Interface:** The image clearly depicts a standard web browser
interface (likely Chrome or a Chromium-based browser). * **Operating System
Taskbar:** A taskbar at the bottom of the screen indicates the operating
system is likely Linux, or more precisely, a GNOME-based distribution like
Ubuntu. * **Date & Time**: 14-04-2025, 15:10 **In summary:** The image
showcases an API documentation page where the API is used to retrieve a GitHub
Pages URL based on a question. The API successfully returned a GitHub Pages
URL belonging to the user "shashikumarkohir" and their "my-portfolio"
repository. ]friend laptop1600√ó999 198 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/8/a8f24f1e596a1ae98e2ac6e1a450aea01922a6b9.jpeg
"friend laptop")

Thanks,  
Shashi


---
### Shashikumar Kohir (2025-04-14T11:05:06.901Z)

**Sir** Please **don‚Äôt ignore this** ‚Äîthis is my **last term** and if I fail,
I will have to restart the entire diploma. **I kindly request you to
reconsider my project evaluation.**  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Kaif Fazal (2025-04-14T11:10:22.181Z)

MY Project 2 status is currently marked as Absent in the course dashboard.
However, I would like to clarify that I submitted the repository and API
endpoints well before the deadline through the designated forum.

Additionally, my Vercel server is still active, and the API is functioning
correctly, as can be verified here:  
:link: [API Form Submission](https://tdsproject2.vercel.app/api/)

I kindly request you to review my submission  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Overall
Layout:** * The image is a screenshot of a web page. * The page has a clean,
minimalist design with a white background. * The main content is a form
centered on the screen. **Form Content:** * **Title:** The form is titled
"Submit Your Question" in a clear, prominent font. * **Question Field:**
There's a text input field labeled "Question:" where a user can type in their
question. * **File Upload (Optional):** * There's an option to "Upload ZIP
File (optional)." * A "Choose File" button is present, allowing the user to
select a file from their computer. * The text "No file chosen" indicates that
no file has been selected. * **Submit Button:** A blue button labeled "Submit"
is at the bottom of the form. This button is likely used to submit the
question and any uploaded file. **Browser Interface:** * The top of the image
shows the browser's address bar. * The URL in the address bar is
"tdsproject2.vercelapp/api/". * Browser tabs are visible at the top. * A
browser extension icon is visible on the top right. **In Summary:** The image
is a clean and simple form on a web page designed for users to submit
questions, with an optional file upload. The page is hosted on Vercel, a
platform for deploying web applications. ]image1905√ó953 32.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/e/3eb72913606e2d5777075f5876d1198eda100359.png
"image")


---
### Aryan Singh (2025-04-14T11:11:02.893Z)

Project 2 marks are showing 0 for me, when I checked logs no requests were
made to my endpoint. Could you please check into this, and update as soon as
possible?  
Getting marks in this project would help me to pass this sub. Also, please
check if evaluation has been done for my endpoint or not.

Thank you


---
### Aryan Singh (2025-04-14T11:24:24.799Z)

2 to 3 days can be given to fix issues please, help us students complete this
subject successfully :smiling_face_with_tear: Please consider this sir


---
### Reva Lakshmy Paul (2025-04-14T12:28:49.983Z)

Sir, I too had provided render API and my logs do not show that it was
accessed during the evaluation period. I had submitted the link in the form
which was provided to update the link as i had not received any mail that my
project had been evaluated before that.  
Due to this, my score stands 0 as of now.  
Sir, can you please look into this. Thank you


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-14T12:30:34.304Z)

21f3002753@ds.study.iitm.ac.in  
Anyone know this email id  
i have sent request to access but he or she did not response today is deadline
for GA7


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-14T12:46:06.626Z)

Sir what if they don‚Äôt provide access i have sent manual email and through
request but no response get received although i have completed 1 from 3 and 3
from 5


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-04-14T12:46:53.065Z)

Bruh why are u posting ga7 in project 2 post?


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-14T13:17:37.607Z)

is anything wrong and GA7 tagline not created and in this group people quickly
response so i use this


---
### D HARICHARAN  (2025-04-14T13:20:07.009Z)

Hi Sir, [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) Please check my project, It‚Äôs all working,
why is it showing me 0 on dashboard? project2,‚Ä¶ rollnumber 23f2001390 and mail
is 23f2001390@ds.study.iitm.ac.in


---
### D HARICHARAN  (2025-04-14T13:21:18.558Z)

same for me its showing 0 for me


---
### Aryan Tikam (2025-04-14T13:26:11.294Z)

Same here, marked absent despite having submitted the Google form.


---
### Sathya  (2025-04-14T16:16:36.694Z)

my score also showing zero..kindly look this sir


---
### JOHANA PRISCY JOHN PONRAJ  (2025-04-14T16:53:08.234Z)

MY Project 2 status is currently marked as Absent in the course dashboard.
However, I would like to clarify that I submitted the repository and API
endpoints well before the deadline through the designated forum.

Additionally, my Vercel server is still active, and the API is functioning
correctly, as can be verified here:  
:link:<https://project2-three-plum.vercel.app/api/>

I kindly request you to review my submission


---
### Pratyush Pulak Nishank (2025-04-14T16:58:54.989Z)

## Request for Re-evaluation

I have completed the entire project and ensured that my model is working
correctly. Despite this, I have received **zero marks** , which seems to be an
error.

API LINK:<https://project2llm-production.up.railway.app/api/>  
<https://project2llm-production.up.railway.app/api/>

I kindly request a re-evaluation of my submission. Please verify the working
model and the completion of all project requirements.

Thank you.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### D HARICHARAN  (2025-04-14T17:13:33.434Z)

project url: <https://tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app/>


---
### Vijaya Tiwary (2025-04-14T17:21:16.708Z)

Dear Sir,

In my course dashboard, Project 2 score is shown as zero. However, I had
submitted the repository and API endpoints (<http://35.192.157.22.80>) through
the Google Form. I had received a mail to make edit in API end point if
changed. I had edited my api end point by adding /api/ and it was
<http://35.192.157.22/api/>. My server was running fine. I have worked hard to
do this project and now receiving a score of zero. Kindly look into it.


---
### Suneha Datta (2025-04-14T17:26:19.741Z)

Sir I have also recieved 0 marks, but I checked now also using python requests
library and my server is working fine . But I see a lot of GET requets instead
of POST in my logs file which was for the past couple of days requests, which
is very unlikely . Please check my link again , its still active . App link -
<http://16.16.189.187:8000/tdsp2>

My test file-  

[[Image could not be described]image1331√ó627 52.2
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/a/8a72f99a42e98345296c57cf96b29b58cc74a61f.png
"image")

My server log file -  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows text output, likely from a server or network monitoring system,
displayed in a terminal-like format with a black background and green text.
The lines of text are formatted with "INFO:" or "WARNING:" prefixes, followed
by data related to network requests and errors. Here is a breakdown: *
**"INFO:" lines:** These lines usually contain IP addresses and port numbers,
along with details of HTTP requests. The format is generally: `IP_ADDRESS:PORT
- "REQUEST_DETAILS" STATUS_CODE STATUS_MESSAGE`. * Examples include: *
`103.158.43.17:17624 - "POST /tdsp2 HTTP/1.1" 200 OK` (Indicates a successful
POST request to "/tdsp2"). * `3.138.153.199:41458 - "GET / HTTP/1.1" 404 Not
Found` (Indicates a GET request to the root directory that resulted in a "404
Not Found" error). * Other examples include GET requests that resulted in 404
errors, with paths such as "/" or "/favicon.ico". * **"WARNING:" lines:**
These lines indicate that an "Invalid HTTP request received." This suggests
the server detected malformed or potentially malicious HTTP requests. The
image shows a mixture of successful and unsuccessful (404 "Not Found") HTTP
requests, as well as warnings about invalid requests. There are multiple
entries related to the same IP address, suggesting a single host made a series
of requests. The presence of both "INFO:" and "WARNING:" messages indicates a
combination of valid and invalid network activity.]Screenshot 2025-04-14
144745934√ó490 31.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/9/d95fbefa675ef4f9ed9d098e7243cf945a05944b.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-14 144745")

My app request handeling -  
[Image could not be described]

please kindly look into the matter sir  
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Kaif Fazal (2025-04-14T18:56:01.918Z)

I noticed that my Project 2 status is currently marked as ‚ÄúAbsent‚Äù in the
course dashboard. However, I would like to clarify that I **submitted the
GitHub repository and Vercel API link well before the deadline  
via the designated forum.

Additionally, my **Vercel server is still active** , and the API is
functioning correctly, which can be verified here:  
:link: [API Form Submission](https://tdsproject2.vercel.app/api/)

I also have a **response copy from the forum confirming my submission** ,
including both the GitHub and Vercel links, as proof. I kindly request you to
review this and take the necessary steps to update my project status.  

[[Image could not be described]image1503√ó644 37.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/3/43ab3b1ef96ed66a52f31fa44db97ca0a3dda6bd.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a simple web form interface. The form is titled "Submit Your Question"
and is contained within a white box centered on a light-blue background. The
form contains the following fields: * **Question:** A text area where the user
can type their question. * **Upload ZIP File (optional):** Allows the user to
upload a ZIP file. It features a "Choose File" button and the text "No file
chosen," indicating that no file has been selected yet. * **Submit:** A blue
button that the user presses to submit the form. The URL displayed in the
browser's address bar is "tdsproject2.vercelapp/api/". ]image1905√ó953 32.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/e/3eb72913606e2d5777075f5876d1198eda100359.png
"image")


---
### Pritul Santosh Raut  (2025-04-15T02:37:15.899Z)

I Got 0 in Project 2 but my server was perfectly working and giving accurate
responses .


---
### Aditya goyal (2025-04-15T03:53:21.446Z)

Request a re-evaluation of my **Project 2** score. Despite submitting the
project as per the given deadlines, my portal currently shows a score of
**0**.

I have cross-checked my submissions and believe there may have been an error
in evaluation or in updating the marks.


---
### Lovepreet Singh (2025-04-15T07:26:14.412Z)

For my project, it is showing absent, Can you please check it, as the project
is working?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-15T07:51:56.000Z)

[@Saransh Saini](mailto:22f1001123@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) [@JIVRAJ SINGH
SHEKHAWAT](mailto:22f3002542@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) Please coordinate and check
the issues raised. Thanks & Regards


---
### Esakki Raja R (2025-04-15T09:41:26.727Z)

For TDS project 2, it is showing 0 in course dashboard, but when I tested the
URL it is working fine. Is there any log similar to project1 to check what
gone wrong? Could you please check on this sir? [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Bhavana G V (2025-04-15T10:41:22.312Z)

Dear Sir, [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
I need your immediate attention regarding my **project-2 , as I received zero
marks,** but **my server is running completely fine**. Below are the key
points that I need you to look into:

Server is running and reachable. and Giving The Correct Answers

GET and POST requests tested via Postman and VS Code, both return 200 OK.

Tested on my laptop and by 10+ other people ‚Äì all received correct results.

No issues seen in logs or deployment ‚Äì everything was set up properly.

Others in my group got full marks ‚Äì we worked on the same project.

I have no idea what went wrong during the evaluation.

I‚Äôve spent weeks working on this project, including sleepless nights.  
Cant have least scores despite all the efforts.

Please recheck my project thoroughly. Here are the important links for you to
verify:  
**API Documentation:[FastAPI - Swagger
UI](https://bhavanaproj2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs)**

**

I truly believe that my server is functioning as expected, and I just need a
re-evaluation to confirm that.  
I‚Äôve put in a lot of effort into this, and I sincerely request that you review
it again.  
Please don‚Äôt ignore this.  
Thanks,  
**Bhavana G V  
23f3004066  
Email:
[23f3004066@ds.study.iitm.ac.in](mailto:23f3004066@ds.study.iitm.ac.in)**

Here im attaching All the proofs of my server which is running  
above is my server running perfectly fine  
below is the execution and getting right answers screenshots  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image shows a web browser displaying what appears to
be an API testing or documentation interface. It's broken into sections:
request details (including the `curl` command and the Request URL), the server
response (code and body), and the option to download. **Key Text elements:** *
**Header:**
"bhavanaproj2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs/default/process\\_request\\_api\\_post"
‚Äì Indicates the URL or location of the content being viewed. It appears to be
part of an Azure cloud app. * **Buttons:** "Execute" and "Clear" ‚Äì Standard
buttons for interacting with a request/response interface. * **Curl Request:**
This section contains a `curl` command used to send a `POST` request to an API
endpoint. Notable parts: *
`'https://bhavanaproj2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api'` - This is the API
endpoint URL. * `-H 'accept: application/json'` - Specifies that the client
accepts JSON as a response. * `-H 'Content-Type: multipart/form-data'` -
Indicates that the request body is in the `multipart/form-data` format,
typically used for sending files and form data. * `-F question="Your Task As
part of this initiative, you are tasked with developing a system that
automates the following: API Integration and Data Retrieval: Use the BBC
Weather API to fetch the weather..."` - This indicates that a "question"
parameter is being sent in the request. The content describes a task related
to API integration, specifically using the BBC Weather API. * **Request URL:**
This section contains the URL to send the request to.
"https://bhavanaproj2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api" * **Server
Response:** * `Code: 200` ‚Äì Indicates a successful HTTP request. * `Response
body` ‚Äì The most important section. It shows a JSON object, it has the
"answer" key followed by a dictionary containing key-value pairs representing
dates (e.g., "2025-04-15") and weather conditions for those dates (e.g.,
"Sunny and light winds"). Most of the dates from 2025-04-16 to 2025-04-28 have
a similar weather description "Thundery showers and a gentle breeze". *
**Download Button:** Suggests you can download the response body (probably as
a JSON file). **In summary, the image shows a successful API call to an
endpoint on an Azure cloud app. The API appears to be related to fetching
weather data, and the response provides weather forecasts for a series of
dates, likely retrieved using the BBC Weather API.** ]Screenshot 2025-04-15
1533181914√ó964 75.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/8/787b5ceba44bccaa2b0a7992effc7e2b96250800.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-15 153318")

**Please consider this message , dont ignore** (I dont want to score less
despite all the effort. )

**


---
### Bhavana G V (2025-04-15T10:44:59.405Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
please dont ignore this  
i have got right solutions as you can see, so please consider for rechecking.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content, focusing on text and relevant features: **Overall Layout:** The image shows a web form interface, likely used for testing or demonstration purposes. The form has input fields, controls, and displays the results of a request. The page is segmented into sections. **Input Section:** * **"question" (string):** This is a required text field. The current value in the field is: "Let's make sure you can write formulas in Google Sheets. T" * **"file" (string | (string | null)(binary):** This indicates a file upload field. "No file chosen" is displayed. A "Choose File" button is present. There's also a radio button labelled "Send empty value". **Execution & Response Area:** * **"Execute" and "Clear" buttons:** These control the form submission and clearing the data, respectively. * **"Responses" header:** Signifies the output section. **Curl Request:** A `curl` command is displayed, showing the HTTP request details: * `curl -X 'POST' \\`: Specifies a POST request. * `'https://bhavanapro.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api' \\`: The target URL for the request. * `-H 'accept: application/json' \\`: Requesting JSON response. * `-H 'Content-Type: multipart/form-data' \\`: Specifies the request content type as multipart form data. * `-F 'question=Let\'s make sure you can write formulas in Google Sheets. Type this formula into Google Sheets. (It won\'t work in Excel) =SUM(ARRAY_CONSTRAIN(SEQUENCE(100, 100, 9, 11), 1, 10)) what is this...' \\`: This is the data being sent, and it includes a question string containing a Google Sheets formula. **Request URL:** Displays the full URL used for the request: `https://bhavanapro.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api`. **Server Response:** * **"Code":** Displays the HTTP status code "200", indicating a successful request. * **"Details":** Is blank. * **"Response body":** Contains a JSON response: `{"answer": 535}`. This implies the API calculated the formula result. * **"Download" button:** Suggests the ability to download the response. **Key Observations:** * The form is designed to send a question containing a Google Sheets formula to a server. * The server processes the formula and returns the calculated answer as JSON. * The included formula is: `=SUM(ARRAY_CONSTRAIN(SEQUENCE(100, 100, 9, 11), 1, 10))` * The question explicitly mentions that the formula won't work in Excel but will work in Google Sheets. In summary, the image shows a web-based tool for sending Google Sheets formulas to an API, executing them, and receiving the numerical result. ]Screenshot 2025-04-15 1536251917√ó895 42.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/2/52e442b039de185db8bb7f839dceca86a0cb3ed7.png "Screenshot 2025-04-15 153625")


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-04-15T10:57:31.076Z)

Yes sir please check the issue as many people are facing the same problem.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Srishty (2025-04-15T11:30:21.345Z)

Request a re-evaluation of my **Project 2** score. Despite submitting the
project as per the given deadlines, my portal currently shows a score of
**0**.

I have cross-checked my submissions and believe there may have been an error
in evaluation or in updating the marks


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-04-15T13:01:34.841Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

My marks are also showing as zero.

My suggestion is to provide students with the logs of your evaluation script,
so we know if it is that server was not reachable, the answer is incorrect, or
the response format was incorrect..etc

Request you to let us know if there is going to be re-evaluation so we can get
the Azure instance running again


---
### Ketan Saini (2025-04-15T13:31:22.235Z)

Hi everyone, I believe this issue has already been raised, even I got a 0 for
my project 2. Is this an error on the backend?


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-04-15T13:36:45.202Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
EDIT: Update on previous post.

Attached image of requests made on my endpoint by I presume the TDS team at
4:53 PM on 10th April:  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Content
Overview:** The image shows a laptop screen displaying a console or terminal
window with network request information. A portion of the laptop's keyboard
and the taskbar are also visible. The dominant visual elements are the console
output, the keyboard keys, and the icons in the taskbar. **Screen Content
(Console/Terminal Window):** * **Top Section:** * "Status: online" * "Gaurav
Ghodge (Plan: Free)" ‚Äì This suggests the user's name and subscription level
(probably for a service like ngrok, based on the URL). * "3.22.0" (Likely a
software version number) * "India (in)" ‚Äì Indicates the location. * "24ms" (A
latency measurement) * "http://127.0.0.1:4040" ‚Äì A local development server
address and port. * "https://c7f6-150-107-43-5.ngrok-free.app-x" ‚Äì An ngrok
URL. * **Network Statistics:** * Several labels: "ttl", "opn", "rti", "rt5",
"p50", "p90" (likely network latency statistics or similar metrics). Values
are displayed under these labels. Example: "ttl 7", "opn 0", "rti 0.01", "rt5
0.01", "p50 8.76" * **Requests Section:** * A log of HTTP requests, presumably
API calls to "/api/". * Columns include timestamps (e.g., "53:08.409"), the
timezone ("IST"), the HTTP method ("POST"), the path ("/api/"), and an HTTP
status code and description. * Status codes include "307 Temporary Redirect"
and "200 OK". **Laptop Keyboard:** * Black keys. * Visible keys include F3,
F4, F5, F6, F7, the number keys 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and some special
characters/symbols. **Taskbar:** * Icons visible on the taskbar include: *
Apple's Finder icon. * Visual Studio Code icon. * Spotify. * GitHub Desktop
icon. * Discord. * Adobe Acrobat icon (PDF). * QuickBooks icon. * A Safari
Browser icon. **Overall Impression:** The image depicts a developer working on
a web application, likely using ngrok to expose a local development server.
The requests section shows that some requests get redirected (307) while
others get success (200). ]IMG-20250410-WA00331920√ó3413 316
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/9/b90ce5c3776d70c4006d18f9ad571ce489fdd14a.jpeg
"IMG-20250410-WA0033")

Ran curl request multiple times LOCALLY on endpoint after score got published
to check:  

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-04-15 at 7.01.06 PM1920√ó1115
106 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/6/766817c29b6f57416237d09036f8dd55a0e8d0d8.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-04-15 at 7.01.06 PM")

Ran curl request multiple times ON NGROK on endpoint after score got published
to check:  

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-04-15 at 7.02.49 PM1920√ó1114
94.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/0/00183e58c3ad6ac1e6589f66025a4f813af1873e.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-04-15 at 7.02.49 PM")


---
### Saini Nirmal (2025-04-15T14:35:28.378Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) Sir, i got 0 in
project 2 also, please check, there might be some error from your side


---
### Swati Kapoor (2025-04-15T16:23:09.361Z)

Hi Sir,

Even I got zero in project 2. My server was running fine and both get and post
requests were going through. I stopped the server after I got a confirmation
mail that the evaluation were completed. Please check.


---
### Koustubh Ramakrishnan (2025-04-15T17:09:05.874Z)

Dear TAs please help - even I got 0 in project 2 even though I have submitted
the right links with all prerequisites & working server. If you can share some
evaluation logs or errors that would be very helpful to know where I went
wrong possibly.


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-04-15T18:17:25.475Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
I received 20 in project 2 which I think is not correct. I also tested my api
with questions with different parameters to make sure it is giving correct
responses. You are requested to kindly recheck and share the evaluation logs.


---
### Shashikumar Kohir (2025-04-14T10:53:49.891Z)

Hi sir [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)

I need your immediate attention regarding my project-2, as I received zero
marks, but my server is running completely fine. Below are the key points that
I need you to look into:

:white_check_mark: **Server is running and reachable.**  
:white_check_mark: **GET and POST requests tested via Postman and VS Code** ,
both return **200 OK**.  
:white_check_mark: **Tested on my laptop and by 10+ other people** ‚Äì all
received correct results.  
:white_check_mark: **No issues seen in logs or deployment** ‚Äì everything was
set up properly.  
:white_check_mark: **Others in my group got full marks** ‚Äì we worked on the
same project.

:red_exclamation_mark: **I have no idea what went wrong during the
evaluation.**  
:red_exclamation_mark: **I‚Äôve spent weeks working on this project** ,
including sleepless nights.  
:red_exclamation_mark: **This is my last term** ‚Äì if I fail, I will have to
repeat the entire diploma.

Please recheck my project thoroughly. Here are the important links for you to
verify:

  * **API Documentation:** [FastAPI - Swagger UI](http://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs)
  * **API Endpoint:** <http://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api>

I truly believe that my server is functioning as expected, and I just need a
re-evaluation to confirm that.

I‚Äôve put in a lot of effort into this, and I sincerely request that you review
it again.

as you can see my vm is working fine here  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
text and relevant features: **Overall Context:** The image is a screenshot of
a Microsoft Azure portal session, specifically the "Serial console" of a
virtual machine named "shashitdsproject2". The serial console displays
command-line output and allows for direct interaction with the VM. **Top Bar
(Browser):** * Azure portal URL is visible: `portal.azure.com/...` * Several
tabs are open in the browser. The tabs include: "My Dash...", "Graded A...",
"TOS 2025...", "shashito...", "FastAPI...", "FINAL-TO...", "Azure for...",
"shashind...", "Azure VW...", and "Meet...". **Azure Portal Interface:** *
Left Navigation Pane: It displays links for "console", "Connect", "Help",
"Boot diagnostics", and "Serial console". "Serial console" is currently
selected. * Top right corner: Displays user information related to
directories. **Serial Console Output:** The majority of the image is the black
terminal window of the serial console. * **Python Code Snippet:** At the top
of the terminal output, there's a small section of Python code: * `async def
process_request(` * `question: str = Form(...)` * `file: Optional[UploadFile]
= File(None)` * `try:` * `#data = question` * `#print(data)` * **Command
History & Output:** * `shashi@shashitdsproject2:~GASolver$ sudo systemctl
restart nginx` * `shashi@shashitdsproject2:~GASolver$ ^[[200~sudo systemctl
restart-` This indicates that the previous command did not execute as
expected. * `sudo: command not found` Indicating that the 'sudo' command is
not recognized, perhaps because it's not in the user's PATH or it's not
installed. * `shashi@shashitdsproject2:~GASolver$ sudo systemctl daemon-reload
&& sudo systemctl start uvicorn && sudo systemctl enable uvicorn && sudo
sy...` This shows an attempt to reload systemd, start the uvicorn service, and
enable the service. The "&&" suggests a chain of commands that are executed in
sequence if the previous one succeeds. * `systemctl status uvicorn` Displays
uvicorn's status. * `* uvicorn.service - Uvicorn FastAPI Server` * `Loaded:
loaded (/etc/systemd/system/uvicorn.service)` * `Active: active (running)
since Mon 2025-04-14 09:35:04 UTC; 33s ago` uvicorn is running! * `Main PID:
1782 (python)` * `Tasks: 2 (limit: 9444)` * `Memory: 310.1M (peak: 320.1M)` *
`CPU: 4.123s` * `CGroup: /system.slice/uvicorn.service` * `/1782
/home/shashi/GASolver/.envpr2/bin/python -m uvicorn main:app` shows which
Python program is running under process ID 1782. * **Logs (Timestamped):**
Lines starting with "Apr 14 09:35:04..." are likely log entries. * `Apr 14
09:35:04 shashitdsproject2 systemd[1]: Started uvicorn.service - Uvicorn ...`
Confirming the Uvicorn service started. * `Apr 14 09:35:05 shashitdsproject2
python[1782]: /home/shashi/GASolver/.envpr2/...` * `Apr 14 09:35:05
shashitdsproject2 python[1782]: warnings.warn("Using slow pur...")` Warning
about using slow pure python instead of speeding implementations * `Apr 14
09:35:05 shashitdsproject2 python[1782]: warn("Couldn't find ffmpeg or...")`
Error indicates missing ffmpeg. * `Apr 14 09:35:08 shashitdsproject2
python[1782]: INFO: Started server process ...` * `Apr 14 09:35:08
shashitdsproject2 python[1782]: INFO: Waiting for application ...` * `Apr 14
09:35:08 shashitdsproject2 python[1782]: INFO: Application startup ...` * `Apr
14 09:35:08 shashitdsproject2 python[1782]: INFO: Uvicorn running on ht ...`
**Key Observations:** * Uvicorn, a FastAPI server, appears to be running
successfully. * There's a potential issue with `sudo` not being found. * There
are warnings about "slow pure python" implementations and the inability to
find "ffmpeg". * The user "shashi" is working in the directory
`/home/shashi/GASolver`. * The logs show that the process is running correctly
and has started a uvicorn server. ]vm start1917√ó1077 110
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/4/c4651dbc319b2d00ad1f0ea85e10c4c716b3ae25.png
"vm start")

its running as you can see here  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** * The image shows a web page interface, likely related to
API testing or documentation. It's displaying the details of an API request
and response. * The page is divided into sections: "Responses", "Curl",
"Request URL", "Server Response", and "Response Headers". **Top Area:** * At
the top, there are tabs indicating the browser's open pages (My Dash, Graded
Assignment, TDS 2025, Shashit, FINAL-TO, Azure for, Azure VM, Meet, etc.)
**Interface Elements:** * "Execute" button (likely to trigger the API call). *
"Clear" button (presumably to clear the displayed information). **API Request
Details:** * **Curl:** This section shows the command-line representation of
the API request. Key details include: * `curl -X POST`: Indicates a POST
request. * `https://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api`:
The URL where the request is sent. * `-H 'accept: application/json'`:
Specifies that the client accepts JSON responses. * `-H 'Content-Type:
multipart/form-data'`: The request body contains multiple parts, often used
for file uploads. * `-F 'question: what is the number of successful GET
requests for pages under /malayalammp3/ from 15:00 until before 22:00 on
Saturdays'`: Question being asked. * `-F 'file=anand-met-May-2024.gz;
type=application/x-gzip'`: Specifies file being uploaded in a compressed
format. * **Request URL:** Repeats the URL for the API endpoint.
`https://shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api` **API Response
Details:** * **Server Response:** * **Code:** 200. This indicates a successful
HTTP response (OK). * **Response Body:** * `{"answer": 5002}`. The response
body contains a JSON object with a single field "answer" set to the value
"5002". * **Response Headers:** * Shows headers returned by the server. *
`access-control-allow-credentials: true` * `access-control-allow-origin: *` *
`connection: keep-alive` * `content-length: 15` * `content-type:
application/json` * `date: Sun, 14 Apr 2024 09:35:00 GMT` * `server:
nginx/1.24.0 (Ubuntu)` * A "Download" button is present near the Response
Headers. * Links Section and Responses Section are not visible in the image.
**Key Observations:** * The API appears to be related to answering questions
about web page requests within a specific time frame for a particular
directory (`/malayalammp3/`). * The API accepts an uploaded file (likely
containing data related to web traffic). * The API returns a JSON response
with an "answer" field. Let me know if you have any specific questions about
the image! ]checking ans1913√ó1075 65.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/4/04546b4805d006ee2763bce3c3d8f1fb9f5eae1f.png
"checking ans")

POST request through postman vscode  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** * The image showcases a Postman window, a popular tool for
API development and testing. * The interface is divided into multiple
sections, including the header, request configuration area, and response
display. * The application appears to be running within a dark-themed VS Code
environment. **Header Area (Top):** * **File Menu**: Options like "File,"
"Edit," "Selection," "View," and "Go" are visible, standard for a desktop
application. * **Tabs**: Two tabs are opened, one showing
`http://localhost...` and the other showing `http://localhost:8000/api` *
**Search Bar**: A search bar is present, likely for searching within Postman.
* **Environment**: The environment is set to "No Environment." * **Send
Button**: A blue "Send" button is present, used to trigger the API request. *
**Code/Cookies Button**: An option to view either Code or Cookies **Request
Configuration Area (Middle):** * **Request Type**: The HTTP request type is
set to "POST". * **URL Bar**: The URL being targeted is:
"shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs". * **Tabs**: Tabs for
configuring various aspects of the request: "Params," "Authorization,"
"Headers (9)," "Body," "Pre-request Script," "Tests," "Settings." **Response
Display Area (Bottom):** * **Tabs**: Different ways to view the response:
"Body," "Cookies," "Headers (6)," "Test Results." * **Body Viewers**: Options
to format the body: "Pretty," "Raw," "Preview," and "HTML." * **HTML
Content**: The "HTML" view is selected, displaying HTML source code. * **HTML
Source Code**: * The HTML code is related to Swagger UI. * It includes a
`<div>` element with the id "swagger-ui." * It includes a `<script>` tag that
loads the Swagger UI bundle from a CDN. The source URL is
"https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/swagger-ui-dist@5/swagger-ui-bundle.js." * It
also contains the following Javascript code: ```javascript const ui =
SwaggerUIBundle({ url: '/openapi.json', "dom_id": "#swagger-ui", "layout":
"BaseLayout", }); ``` * **Status Bar**: A status bar shows the following
information: "Status: 200 OK Time: 286 ms Size: 1.11 KB." **Sidebar (Left):**
* **Navigation Icons**: Icons for accessing different sections of Postman,
likely including "My Workspace," "History," "Collections," "APIs," etc. *
**Filter and New Collection Buttons** * **New Collection with empty collection
that allows for a request to start.** **Overall Impression:** The image shows
a Postman interface being used to make a POST request to an API endpoint. The
response is being displayed as HTML, and the content suggests that the API
endpoint is serving a Swagger UI interface for API documentation. The request
was successful, with a 200 OK response. ]post1535√ó1018 36.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/b/ab704a5f91397ecaefad0c7b700fbf487e6a4e92.png
"post")

GET request through postman vscode  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image shows the Postman application, a tool commonly used
for testing APIs (Application Programming Interfaces). The interface is set up
to send a GET request to a specific URL. The response body is displayed in
HTML format, and it appears to be rendering Swagger UI, a popular tool for
visualizing and interacting with OpenAPI specifications. **Key Elements and
Textual Information:** 1\. **Top Bar:** * **Title Bar:** Contains the standard
application controls (File, Edit, Selection, View, Go) * **URL:** The address
bar displays two URLs: * `http://localhost...` * `http://localhost:8000/api`
(This is the URL the request is being sent to in Postman) 2\. **Postman
Interface:** * **Sidebar (Left):** Shows options like "My Workspace", "New
HTTP Request", and "New Collection". A filter icon is also visible. *
**Request Method:** A dropdown menu displaying "GET" which indicates the HTTP
method being used for the request. * **URL Input:** The URL field is set to
"shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs". * **Tabs:**
"Params", "Authorization", "Headers (9)", "Body", "Pre-request Script",
"Tests", and "Settings". The "Params" tab is selected, displaying the query
parameters. * **Query Params:** Two "Key" and "Value" input fields for query
parameters. These are empty. * **Send Button:** A blue "Send" button is
visible. 3\. **Response Body:** * **Tabs:** "Body", "Cookies", "Headers (6)",
and "Test Results". "Body" is selected, and "Pretty", "Raw", "Preview", and
"HTML" formatting options are available. "HTML" is selected. * **HTML
Content:** The content shows HTML markup, which indicates the response is an
HTML document. * `<body>` tag is present. * `<div id="swagger-ui">` is used
which is commonly associated with Swagger UI implementations. * `<script
src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/swagger-ui-dist@5/swagger-ui-
bundle.js"></script>` includes the Swagger UI bundle from a CDN. * `<!--
SwaggerUIBundle is now available on the page -->` indicates a Swagger UI
implementation. * A JavaScript snippet configures the Swagger UI: * `const ui
= SwaggerUIBundle({...})` initializes the Swagger UI. * `url: '/openapi.json'`
specifies that the OpenAPI specification is located at the "/openapi.json"
endpoint. * `"dom_id": "#swagger-ui"` links the UI to the `swagger-ui` div. *
`"layout": "BaseLayout"` sets the UI layout. 4\. **Status Bar (Bottom):** *
**Status:** "200 OK" which signifies the request was successful. * **Time:**
"247 ms" which indicates the response time. * **Size:** "1.11 KB" which shows
the size of the response. **Interpretation:** The user is sending a GET
request to `shashitdsproject2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs` through
Postman. The server is returning an HTML document that sets up and renders
Swagger UI. The Swagger UI is configured to load the OpenAPI specification
from the `/openapi.json` endpoint. The user is using Postman to visualize API
documentation. ]get1525√ó1030 38.6 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/7/c7f55da5f7b8a633a3011ceafacbe4431b176be5.png
"get")

my server running on my friends on my friends laptop  

[[Image could not be described]friend laptop1600√ó999 198
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/8/a8f24f1e596a1ae98e2ac6e1a450aea01922a6b9.jpeg
"friend laptop")

Thanks,  
Shashi


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-15T06:49:58.000Z)

[@Saransh Saini](mailto:22f1001123@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) [@JIVRAJ SINGH
SHEKHAWAT](mailto:22f3002542@ds.study.iitm.ac.in)

Can you coordinate and check this submission? Thanks.


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-04-15T07:05:45.077Z)

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Sir the same issue occurred on my end as well. My endpoint is returning the
correct output, as demonstrated by [@SK76](/u/sk76) . However, it has still
been marked as 0.  
Could you please check whether the evaluation is still in progress or has been
finalized? I would appreciate any update on the status.  
(54/57 questions working, tested with different values and parameters)  
Roll num : 21f3001076  
Thank you.  
Lakshay


---
### Yogesh (2025-04-15T08:07:00.513Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Could you reveal what
tests were done for our second projects? So that we can test for ourselves. I
have been give a zero.

Roll number: 21f2001573

[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Bhavana G V (2025-04-15T10:25:20.973Z)

Even i am facing the same issue and from the same group . The other members of
the same group have scored well but not able to figure out why we have scored
0. Please look into it asap and update the marks. Dont wanna lose all the
efforts in one mistake so please look into it.  
Below are my links . I have sent mail also.

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Description:** The image is a simple logo or icon. It consists of a white
abstract shape that resembles a stylized letter "F" or a lightning bolt, set
against a solid teal green circular background. **Detailed Breakdown:** *
**Shape:** The primary shape is a white symbol that is reminiscent of both the
letter "F" and a lightning bolt or arrow pointing upwards. The shape has a
sharp, angular design. * **Color:** The color of the shape is white, which
provides a strong contrast against the background. * **Background:** The
background is a solid teal green circle. This color is vibrant and helps the
white shape stand out. * **Overall Design:** The design is clean, minimalist,
and modern. It uses simple shapes and contrasting colors to create a visually
appealing and memorable symbol. **Potential Interpretations:** * Due to the
shape's resemblance to the letter "F" and the lightning bolt, the symbol may
be related to topics such as speed, energy, technology, or a name or
organization starting with "F." ]
[bhavanaproj2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com](https://bhavanaproj2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs)

### [FastAPI - Swagger
UI](https://bhavanaproj2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/docs)

<https://bhavanaproj2.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api>  
Name : Bhavana G V  
23f3004066  
email: 23f3004066@ds.study.iitm.ac.in


---
### Bhavana G V (2025-04-15T10:26:40.288Z)

Please dont ignore this message Sir [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-04-16T03:35:55.198Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

Sir, just checking if there‚Äôs any update. My Azure portal is still running,
but the credits are almost used up.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T06:08:34.886Z)

We are sending an email out for all those that have raised an issue within the
next few hours. The content of the email will be to keep your server up in the
window that we prescribe. That window will be mentioned in the email. You do
not need to keep the vm running at the moment. Just check the email when it
comes.


---
### Sengathirsoorian E T (2025-04-15T17:03:09.907Z)

Continuing the discussion from [TDS Project 2 Score is
0](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-project-2-score-
is-0/172633/11):

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

Sir, We respect you and there might be a mistake on your side. But kindly
solve all our discrepancies as soon as possible.

Regards,  
Sengathirsoorian E T

(Friends, if you have any queries, append in this post)


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-15T18:28:57.314Z)

It is showing absent in my dashboard even though i submitted the project


---
### Ishan Mittal (2025-04-15T18:44:27.179Z)

It is showing absent in mine as well


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-04-15T18:25:03.959Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) I am making this post because I
didn‚Äôt get reply to my [post on the same
matter.](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-tds-solver-
discussion-thread/169029/477)

Please check it out. My app can remain deployed only till April 18th. In the
Cloud Run logs, I do see some multiple POST requests made today with 200
response but I‚Äôm not sure whether it was the TDS team doing a re-evaluation or
someone else.

Also, are there any updates on [this bug in project 1 in
datagen.](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-official-
project1-discrepencies/171141/451)

Thanks.  
Regards,  
Shivaditya


---
### Shalini Saravanan (2025-04-14T16:09:24.894Z)

Hello,

I recieved my Project 2 Scores and I have recieved 20/100. Two of us had
shared the code and the other person has recieved higher marks. Whats the
reason for this discrepancy? Kindly shed some light on this situation and
please share any evaluation logs from your end. [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

Thanks and Regards


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-15T07:46:27.000Z)

[@Saransh Saini](mailto:22f1001123@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) [@JIVRAJ SINGH
SHEKHAWAT](mailto:22f3002542@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) please coordinate and check
this submission. Thanks & Regards


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-15T14:16:04.179Z)

1 carlton sir i had submitted project 2 and rechecked it multiple time but it
is showing absent in project 2 please look into this matter


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-04-15T16:17:18.553Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
I also received 20 in project 2 which I think is not correct. I also tested my
api with questions with different parameters to make sure it is giving correct
responses with questions with variable parameters. You are requested to kindly
recheck and share the evaluation logs.


---
### Mouhurtik Ray (2025-04-14T14:46:16.827Z)

Hello,  
I had filled up and submitted the TDS project 2 and I have double check it for
working,  
My Project Score is showing 0 I believe there‚Äôs a mistake.  
Please help me out


---
### Aditya goyal (2025-04-14T17:17:21.002Z)

same happened with me


---
### Rajalakshmi Rathinasabhapathy (2025-04-14T18:15:39.381Z)

It shows ‚ÄòAbsent‚Äô for me despite submitting the google form.


---
### Diya Dogra (2025-04-15T05:21:12.017Z)

same with me!! everything was working fine.


---
### Divjot Singh (2025-04-15T05:34:44.225Z)

same for me! please check


---
### Lovepreet Singh (2025-04-15T07:20:01.541Z)

Same for me! please check


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-15T07:52:46.000Z)

[@JIVRAJ SINGH SHEKHAWAT](mailto:22f3002542@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) [@Saransh
Saini](mailto:22f1001123@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) Please coordinate and check the
issues raised. Thanks & Regards


---
### ParthPande (2025-04-15T11:32:57.394Z)

same happened for me ! please check


---
### Farhan Zafar (2025-04-15T14:16:59.576Z)

Same for me! Please check [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Manmeet Kaur (2025-04-15T14:51:56.189Z)

It is showing absent for me as well. Kindly check. Thank you.


---
### Sengathirsoorian E T (2025-04-15T16:15:11.184Z)

Sir, Same here, you can access it via this link [Assignment solver
](https://phoenix-1743854088883.staticrun.app/)

I kindly request you to check immediately by this link as I also have made it
as an web app for your ease.

(my friends: please don‚Äôt use the link, as the api token request will be over)

Please look after it, already I was marked as absent for project -1 and now
for this project -2 as 0. I don‚Äôt know why?..I don‚Äôt know whether I could be
able to pass this course even with lots of efforts..


---
### srinivasan G (2025-04-15T16:39:24.768Z)

sir, my project 2 score is also showing as 0. Please recheck. As many of us
are facing the same issue i kindly request to confirm please. Failing in this
subject due this will affect us badly.


---
### Ritwik Trivedi (2025-04-15T17:06:40.401Z)

I am also seeing a score of 0. This is after the course TA‚Äôs said that I had
scored well on the project without revealing my score. But I am pretty sure
they won‚Äôt classify 0/100 as a good score.


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-04-09T09:05:45.938Z)

Sir,  
I have submitted the working url but forgot to add /api in the end. Please
consider my request and evaluate this below link. This below link is same as
the submitted link just with /api.  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on the
text and relevant features: **Overall Impression:** The image is a screenshot
of a Google Form on a phone screen. The form appears to be collecting
information related to a coding project. **Key Text and Elements:** *
**Title/Context:** * "work email ID." (Implies this form is for a
professional/academic context). * "You can submit only one response. You can
correct your response after you submit." (Standard Google Form messaging about
submission limitations.) * "Your email (2412006749@ds.study.litm.ac.in) was
recorded when you submitted this form." (Confirms the email address associated
with the submission.) * **Question 1: GitHub Repository Link:** * "What is the
link to your GitHub repository which has the code for Project 2? *" (The main
question being asked.) * "It should look like https://github.com/user-
name/repository-name" (An example of the expected URL format.) *
"https://github.com/Sakshi6749/PROJECT-2" (The answer provided, suggesting the
username is Sakshi6749 and the repository is named PROJECT-2) * **Question 2:
API Endpoint Link:** * "What is the link to your API endpoint? *" (The main
question being asked.) * "Make sure we can send a POST request to this exact
URL" (An additional request for this answer.) * "saakshi-
llama.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com" (The answer provided, suggesting it's
hosted on Azure Cloud App.) * **Bottom Text:** * "Create your own Google Form"
(A link to Google Forms creation.) * "Does this form look suspicious? Report"
(Standard Google Form messaging for reporting suspicious forms) **In
Summary:** The image shows a Google Form collecting information about a GitHub
repository (for "Project 2") and the associated API endpoint for a user with
the username "Sakshi6749". ]IMG-20250409-WA0007540√ó1200 55.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/3/33721f5692e3b5200b77252c17f2afebed5fabc3.jpeg
"IMG-20250409-WA0007")

<https://saakshi-llama.centralindia.cloudapp.azure.com/api>

[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-16T06:12:46.550Z)

hello sir when you share evaluation file we need to check


---
### Kumar Rishabh  (2025-04-16T06:15:28.968Z)

Sir, its showing me 0 as well.


---
### Shubhranshu Sharma (2025-04-16T07:24:26.205Z)

2 days back I got my TDS Project-2 Score and it is showing as absent although
I submitted my TDS project 2 , also deployed the app successfully and also
filled the g-form

Here‚Äôs my deployed application on-render link with the attached screenshot of
my TDS Dashboard:

Project : <https://tds-project2-21f3000591.onrender.com/>

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a section of a webpage or a course platform, displaying information
about a course called "Tools in Data Science". Below the course title and a
"NEW COURSE" banner, the image displays a student's performance on different
assignments. Here are the details: **Course Information:** * Course Title:
"Tools in Data Science" * Status: "NEW COURSE" **Assignment Details:** * Week
1 Assignment - 92.50 * Week 2 Assignment - 90.00 * Week 3 Assignment - 0.00 *
Week 4 Assignment - 100.00 * Week 5 Assignment - 100.00 * Week 6 Assignment -
Absent * Week 7 Assignment - Absent **Averages:** * Average Assignment for
Final Scoring - 96.00 **Other Assessment Components:** * PROGRAMMING QUIZ 1 -
90.00 * COURSE PROJECT - 5.00 * Course Project Score 2 - Absent
**Eligibility:** * Allowed to take End Term Exam? * Yes **Navigation:** * A
button or link labeled "Go to Course page >" **Overall:** The image provides a
summary of the student's performance on different assessments in the course,
their overall assignment average, and confirmation that they are allowed to
take the end-term exam. ]Screenshot 2025-04-16 125037429√ó678 27
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/d/ad53850e8e768f1c4b730dd958c15185848b61ff.png
"Screenshot 2025-04-16 125037")


---
### Prabhav Agrawal (2025-04-16T08:33:47.098Z)

It does show absent for me too IN Project two even though i have submitted the
form hosted the site made the repo and done litearlly everything  
Anyways i have scored 0 in proj 1 bcz of docker not working or something and
with this there is no chance i get better than an E if in case i pass


---
### Prabhav Agrawal (2025-04-16T08:34:46.906Z)

Shows Absent for me as well please check


---
### Sahil Raj  (2025-04-16T09:20:49.823Z)

Sir this is same happening with me please look into this :disappointed_face:


---
### Ayush Kumar Shaw  (2025-04-16T09:22:51.133Z)

Though I have done alll the required stuffs for the project 2, It is showing
absent for me two.  
Kindly look into the case sir..


---
### Shiva varshney  (2025-04-16T09:30:47.125Z)

Respected sir  
My projects scores also shows 0 like others , i deleted my vm when the email
specifies that evaluation is complete comes , in this email it is also mention
that your scores and evaluation log will also send by email , no email like
this come , please look in to this matter as earliest.


---
### Manu C (2025-04-16T09:31:27.102Z)

even my score is zero even if my project runs fine


---
### Esakki Raja R (2025-04-16T09:32:00.853Z)

Hello sir [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

Could you please check my project 2 evaluation. it is showing 0 but when I
tested it worked fine. My api is still running


---
### Manu C (2025-04-16T09:35:30.781Z)

sir my score is showing zero even if i have submitted the project
correctly.please re-evaluate my project <https://roe-i6ghzat4g-manu-cs-
projects.vercel.app/>


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-04-16T11:57:13.688Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
I got a mail saying project 2 endpoints will be tested again.  
It also says that those updated endpoints which were submitted in the google
form will be tested. Since i had submitted ngrok endpoint, wont it be invalid
now?  
And if i start ngrok server wont it give me new endpoint?


---
###  KARTHIK (2025-04-16T12:02:31.429Z)

Although I have completed all the required tasks for Project 2, it is still
showing me as absent. I kindly request you to look into this issue, sir.  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton) .


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-16T12:16:22.519Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
hello sir, what will happen if new score is lesser than the old one? will you
consider whichever score is greater or new one sir? Kindly reply sir. and
considering the best score in these 2 evaluations is better i think sir.
Kindly consider this sir.

Thank you  
Harish


---
### Sathya  (2025-04-16T12:20:15.144Z)

Could someone clarify whether the endpoint should include /api when being
evaluated? I submitted it without /api and I‚Äôm wondering if it will be
automatically appended or if we must include it explicitly.
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T12:40:00.295Z)

there is no automatic appending.  
We will test **exactly** what we sent in the email (if you got an email) which
is **exactly** what you submitted .


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T12:40:28.949Z)

we will consider the greater of the two


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-16T12:41:16.907Z)

need to include the /api in the end. without that your mark will be 0 , since
it cannot be evaluated without an end point


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T12:42:49.199Z)

You were not present in the form Anand gave us. It most likely because you
submitted after the deadline (or made edits after the deadline, if the form he
shared allowed edits).


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-16T12:53:02.972Z)

sir i am using ngrok. Shall i edit the old url in the form with the new one ?
will you consider the new url in the form?


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-04-16T12:57:28.810Z)

If u restart ngrok it changes endpoint every time. Your old endpoint is non
existent as far as i know.


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-16T12:57:59.208Z)

yeah thats why asking.


---
### Hardik D (2025-04-16T12:59:12.194Z)

Is the marks shown on dashboard out of 20 or 100? coz i can clearly see in the
logs that my api has answered all questions correctly, and my dashboard shows
score of 20 for project 2.


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-04-16T13:00:49.949Z)

I also want to know the same thing. Our old ngrok endpoint is useless at this
point.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T13:02:58.952Z)

marks are always out of 100 on dashboard


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-16T13:03:22.711Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton)  
sir i am using ngrok. Shall i edit the old url in the form with the new one ?
will you consider the new url in the form?


---
### Kaif Fazal (2025-04-16T13:04:09.961Z)

I‚Äôm writing to clarify the status of my Project 2, which is currently marked
as ‚ÄúAbsent‚Äù. I would like to respectfully state that I **submitted the form
before the deadline** ‚Äî specifically on 31st March 2025 at 22:11 , and I have
the response copy as proof.

I would also like to emphasize that:

No edits were made to the form after submission.  
I did not make any changes to the project or submission after the deadline.  
My Vercel API is still active and functioning as expected.

Here are the submitted links:

:link: GitHub Repo: [GitHub - itskaiffazal/tdsproject2: Tools in data science
Project 2 - TDS Solver](https://github.com/itskaiffazal/tdsproject2)  
:link: API Endpoint: <https://tdsproject2.vercel.app/api/>

I kindly request you to review my submission and take the necessary steps to
update the status.  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows an email notification from Gmail. **Email Header:** * **Sender:** Gmail
logo in the upper left corner. * **Subject:** "TDS Project 2 - Jan 2025". *
**Sender Information:** The email appears to be sent to
"kaiffazal001@gmail.com" from "Google Forms <forms-receipts-
noreply@google.com>". * **Recipient Information:** It has been sent to
"kaiffazal001@gmail.com" * **Date and Time:** The email was received on "31
March 2025 at 22:11". * **Sender Name & Email** There is the sender name "Kaif
Fazal <kaiffazal001@gmail.com>". **Email Body:** * **Header:** "Google Forms"
in a purple banner. * **Message:** A notification stating "Thanks for filling
in TDS Project 2 - Jan 2025". It is followed by the line "Here's what was
received". * **Button:** An "Edit response" button is present below the
message. Overall, the email appears to be an automated confirmation receipt
from Google Forms, acknowledging the completion of the "TDS Project 2 - Jan
2025" form. The recipient has the option to edit their response.
]image1897√ó546 29.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/8/3856471f66178c69b3a475c6464866a921c8650a.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Impression:** The image is a screenshot of a Google Forms page
displayed within an email interface. It appears to be a request for links to a
GitHub repository and an API endpoint related to a "Project 2". **Key Elements
and Details:** * **Form Questions:** The form contains two mandatory questions
(indicated by the asterisk "*"): * "What is the link to your GitHub repository
which has the code for Project 2?" * There's a hint below the question: "It
should look like https://github.com/user-name/repository-name" * The provided
answer is "https://github.com/itskaiffazal/tdsproject2" * "What is the link to
your API endpoint?" * A note below the question: "Make sure we can send a POST
request to this exact URL" * The provided answer is
"https://tdsproject2.vercel.app/api/" * **Google Forms Branding:** The bottom
of the form indicates it was created using Google Forms. There's also a link
that says "Create your own Google Form". * **Suspicion Prompt:** A line reads
"Does this form look suspicious? Report" below the Google Forms branding. This
suggests the form could be potentially untrustworthy. * **Email Interface:**
The image shows typical email navigation elements: * Reply and Forward
buttons. * Page navigation indicating "7 of 134" pages. * **Links:** The two
submitted answers for the questions are clickable links to a GitHub repository
and a Vercel app respectively. **Text Analysis:** * The language is clear and
straightforward, indicating a request for technical information. * The
phrasing in the questions and instructions is professional. * The username
"itskaiffazal" is visible in the GitHub link. **In summary, the image shows a
Google Form requesting links to a GitHub repository and API endpoint for a
project, likely related to software development. The form includes a prompt
asking if it appears suspicious, indicating a concern for phishing or other
malicious intent.**]image1533√ó736 42.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/3/33e89c2e528b338943aed15f96d49e19316956bf.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image is
a screenshot of a web page displaying a form titled "Submit Your Question".
The form includes the following elements: * **Title:** "Submit Your Question"
displayed prominently at the top of the form. * **Question Field:** A text
input area where users can type in their question. The label "Question:" is
placed above the text input area. * **File Upload Field:** An optional file
upload section labeled "Upload ZIP File (optional):". It includes a "Choose
File" button that allows users to select a file from their device. If no file
has been selected, the text "No file chosen" is displayed next to the button.
* **Submit Button:** A blue button labeled "Submit" that users can click to
submit the form. The form is presented in a clean, minimalist design, with a
white background and clear, readable text. The web address in the browser tab
is visible and reads "tdsproject2.vercelapp/api/". ]image1905√ó953 32.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/e/3eb72913606e2d5777075f5876d1198eda100359.png
"image")


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T13:11:53.664Z)

You used your personal email address while filling the form. It is impossible
for us to track who is submitting a form if you do not use your official email
id. Unfortunately we cannot evaluate your submission.


---
### Anushka Kumar (2025-04-16T13:19:26.968Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) , [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Sir,  
Earlier I received an email stating I need to turn on my server **again** ,
but I am afraid that I will not be able to do so as I have already travelling
and will be travelling till 18th. I am sure you will understand my situation
and therefore requesting to please help/suggest on way forward. Thanking in
advance for your valuable help and support.  
Kind Regards,  
Anushka Kumar (22f2000559)


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-16T13:23:14.179Z)

Sir i have not received any email regarding this please look into my url

[project2final-beta.vercel.app](https://project2final-beta.vercel.app/)

### [TDS Solver](https://project2final-beta.vercel.app/)

Sorry to keep bothering you again and again but it is very important for me
that my project 2 scores are up to the mark to pass kn the end term


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-16T13:29:54.011Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
sir i am sorry that i keep resending this same message but please clarify this
alone sir.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall:** The image is a screenshot of an email. The email is from "22t1
se2002" and addressed to "me". The subject is implied to be related to P2
Evaluations. The timestamp shows "5:01 PM (1 hour ago)". **Email Content:**
The email's body contains important information about re-running P2
Evaluations on the recipient's endpoint server due to a low score. Here's a
breakdown: * **Greeting:** "Dear Learner," * **Reason for the email:** The
sender is re-running P2 Evaluations due to the recipient's low score. *
**Instructions:** * The recipient is requested to turn on their server
endpoint from 11:00 pm to 02:00 am TONIGHT. * They can turn off the server
after that time. * The server does not need to be on before 11:00 pm. *
Evaluations will begin at 11:00 pm and end at 2:00 am. * **Endpoint
Specification:** * The evaluation will use the endpoint the recipient
submitted in the official forms only. * Endpoints submitted in discourse or
via email will NOT be tested. * If an updated endpoint was sent in the latest
form, that endpoint will be tested. Otherwise, the previous endpoint will be
used. * **Endpoint Address:** A URL is provided as the endpoint being tested:
`https://e95b-2405-201-e04b-d085-9cf5-4f92-fe5a-309e.ngrok-free.app/ask` **Key
elements** * Important dates are given (11:00 pm to 02:00 am TONIGHT), which
can be used to derive dates. * A link that can be used to ask a question. **In
essence, the email is a notification and instruction for the recipient to
prepare their server for re-evaluation of a project ("P2 Evaluations") by
having their server endpoint active during a specific time
frame.**]image1596√ó531 53.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/9/69314daa65fee50aae8b6ce2e252061f683cc59f.png
"image")

the mail i got mentions that no other endpoint will be tested and it is
showing the old ngrok link. now if i edit the form and change the url will you
consider the new one? please clarify sir‚Ä¶


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-16T13:31:42.519Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall:** The image shows a screenshot of a mobile phone display,
specifically an email or messaging application. The focus is on a Google Form
embedded within the app. **Form Content:** The form contains two questions:
1\. **What is the link to your GitHub repository which has the code for
Project 2?**: This is a required question (indicated by the asterisk). The
question includes an example format for the expected answer:
`https://github.com/user-name/repository-name`. The user has entered the
following link: `https://github.com/kartikayy1/project2final`. 2\. **What is
the link to your API endpoint?**: This is also a required question. It
includes a note: "Make sure we can send a POST request to this exact URL". The
user has entered the link: `https://project2final-beta.vercel.app/`. **Form
Footer:** Below the questions is a section: * "Create your own Google Form" *
"Does this form look suspicious? Report" **Phone Interface:** * The phone's
status bar is visible at the top, showing the time (18:59), battery level, and
other icons. * At the bottom, the standard mobile interface shows icons for
actions like attaching files, replying, and other email functions. There is a
notification badge indicating "99+" new emails. **Overall Impression:** The
image depicts a user completing a Google Form within a mobile messaging
application, likely related to a software development project. The form is
requesting links to a GitHub repository and an API endpoint. ]Sir this is my
repository and link for my api please look into it1080√ó2400 196
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/a/4a4e4a0e178952b492a301ad303108e1f8d97086.jpeg
"Sir this is my repository and link for my api please look into it")


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T13:32:29.711Z)

we are discussing it with operations. as soon as we know we will inform you.


---
### Kaif Fazal (2025-04-16T13:34:00.871Z)

I sincerely apologize for not using my official email address ‚Äî it was an
honest oversight and not an attempt to bypass any rules. I‚Äôd be truly grateful
if you could kindly consider evaluating my project based on the valid, timely
submission and the active working links provided.

This situation is quite distressing for me, as it could result in a
significant setback, potentially requiring me to repeat the entire course. I
fully acknowledge that the mistake was mine ‚Äî a small yet critical one ‚Äî and I
sincerely request that if there is even a slight possibility of evaluation,
please consider it.

Please let me know if there is anything I can do to assist with verification.
Your understanding and support would genuinely mean a lot.

Thank you for your time and consideration.


---
### rexjosondeva (2025-04-16T13:35:23.795Z)

Respected Carlton Sir,  
I thought in gform we need to submit the deployment url:

[tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app](https://tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app/)

### [TDS Solver](https://tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app/)

but for the API testing we need to add /api/ to the url:

<https://tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app/api/>

Please do my evaluation on this link, its the same just we need to go to /api/
in the URL


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-16T13:36:02.509Z)

Sir i also did the same mistake and am truly sorry for what i did but it is my
dearest request if you can look into this matter as it is very essential that
the project is evaluated.  
I am once again very sorry for the mistake


---
### Afsal (2025-04-16T13:36:50.647Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

Dear Sirs,

I apologize for the inconvenience caused by reaching out again. I came to know
that many students have received an email stating that the re-evaluation for
Project 2 will be conducted today between 11 PM and 2 AM. However, I have not
received any such communication on my end.

I would like to bring to your attention that I actively helped several peers
deploy their servers on Vercel and resolve various issues, and many of them
received marks as high as 80. Unfortunately, my own record still shows as
‚ÄúAbsent,‚Äù despite the fact that I submitted the Google Form well before the
deadline and my server has been live and running for over two weeks.

For your verification, I am attaching screenshots of my GitHub repository and
the Vercel deployment dashboard, which clearly show the deployment.

I sincerely request you to kindly consider this issue. This situation has
caused significant mental stress, especially as I had already faced a grading
issue in Project 1. The anxiety and uncertainty around my Project 2 score have
negatively affected my focus during the end-term exam and viva for other
projects as well. Receiving a zero in this project would only further impact
my overall performance and morale, despite the genuine effort I have put in.

I genuinely hope for a positive response and a fair re-evaluation.

Thank you very much for your time and understanding.

api link : <https://tds-proj2f.vercel.app/>

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout:** The image is a screenshot of a GitHub repository interface. It shows
the files and folders within the repository, along with commit information and
other standard GitHub features. **Top Section:** * **Repository Name:**
"tds_proj2f" is the name of the repository, indicated as "Public." * **Branch
Information:** It is currently on the "main" branch. It indicates there is "1
Branch" and "0 Tags." * **Functionality Buttons:** There are buttons to
"Unpin" and "Unwatch" the repository. Next to "Unwatch" there is a "1",
implying that one person is watching the repository. * **Search Bar:** There
is a "Go to file" search bar, indicated with a "Q" magnifying glass icon. *
**"Add file" Button:** A button to add files to the repository. * **"Code"
Button:** A button labeled "Code" with a dropdown arrow, allowing access to
various code-related options (like cloning or downloading the repository).
**File List Section:** * **Latest Commit Information:** The latest commit is
labeled "21f2000304 final commit" with a green checkmark. To the right,
"2e818b2 . 2 weeks ago . 1 Commit." This shows the commit hash, when it
occurred, and the fact it's the only commit. * **File/Folder List:** A list of
files and folders is displayed. Each item includes a folder/file icon, the
name, the commit message ("final commit"), and the time of the last commit ("2
weeks ago"). * `.env` * `.gitignore` * `GA1.html` * `LICENSE` * `README.md` *
`download.png` * `ga1.py` * `ga2.py` * `ga2_6.py` * `ga2_9.py` **General
Observations:** * The repository appears to be relatively new or simple, as
there is only one commit. * The commit message "final commit" suggests that
this might be a completed project or milestone. * There are a mix of file
types: `.py` (Python), `.html`, `.md` (Markdown), `.png` (image), and some
configuration files (`.env`, `.gitignore`). In summary, the image represents a
snapshot of a GitHub repository, showing its contents, commit history, and
basic functionalities. ]git949√ó580 62.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/d/dd35491bfeb5fc84ef46978edd67b8bcd648e88b.jpeg
"git")


---
### rexjosondeva (2025-04-16T13:37:45.283Z)

Respected Sir,

I thought we need to submit the deployment url in gform

[tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app](https://tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app/)

### [TDS Solver](https://tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app/)

but for the API testing we need to add /api/ to the url:

<https://tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app/api/>

Please do my evaluation on this link, its the same just we need to go to /api/
in the URL

thank you


---
### D HARICHARAN  (2025-04-16T13:37:53.792Z)

[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
Respected Sir,  
Sir I made a mistake while submitting the GFORM in hurry, I submitted the
deployment URL instead of API URL:  
currently for re-evaluation my URL that I received on my mail id is:

`https://tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app/`

but for API testing we need to add /api/ to the URL so final URL is:

`https://tdsproject2-eight.vercel.app/api/`

I‚Äôm sorry for this mistake sir, please accept this small change, we just need
to add /api/ to the URL

Thank you

actually 2 of my friend had submitted similar url with no /api/ but he got 80
marks and I also submitted without /api/ url but I got 0 so for re evaluation
sir please add /api/ to the original URL as mentioned Above Please Sir

Thank you  
23f2001390@ds.study.iitm.ac.in


---
### Sathya  (2025-04-16T13:40:50.249Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) I appreciate your response. I didn‚Äôt include ‚Äú/api‚Äù at
the end. Could you confirm if I‚Äôm allowed to update the form now before
tonight‚Äôs evaluation? Thanks in advance.


---
###  KARTHIK (2025-04-16T13:41:33.190Z)

I would like to clarify that I had submitted the form before the deadline.
However, I believe I might have submitted it once again after the deadline,
just to ensure that my project was submitted correctly.  
Please find attached the screenshot of my submission made before the deadline.
Also, I haven‚Äôt received any response sheet for the form submitted after the
deadline.

Thank you!  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a screenshot of an email received in a mobile email
app. The email is a confirmation from Google Forms, indicating that the
recipient has submitted a response to a form titled "TDS Project 2 - Jan
2025." **Details:** * **Email Header:** * Subject: "TDS Project 2 - Jan 2025"
* "Inbox" tag present * A star icon indicates the email is favorited/starred.
* **Sender Information:** * Sender: "Google Forms" (icon: "G" in a blue
circle) * Date: 31 Mar (likely March 31, 2025, as seen in the email details).
* Recipient: "to me" * **Email Details:** * From: "Google Forms ‚Ä¢ forms-
receipts -noreply@google.com" * To: "24ds1000119@ds.study.iitm.ac.in" * Date:
"31 Mar 2025, 11:47 pm" * Security: "Standard encryption (TLS)." with a link
to "See security details" * **Email Body:** * Headline: "Google Forms" * Main
text: "Thanks for filling out TDS Project 2 - Jan 2025" * Smaller text:
"Here's what was received." * Button: "Edit response" **Other Visual
Elements:** * The bottom of the screen shows navigation icons within the email
app, including: "Mail" with 99+ unread emails, 4 unread messages and a video
call icon **Key Takeaways:** * The user has submitted a Google Form for a
project called "TDS Project 2 - Jan 2025." * The email is a confirmation of
their submission. * The user has the option to edit their response.
]IMG_20250416_1908131080√ó2182 234 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/5/759ec985e0ecf4fb7889c8ba0de05f3e9ad78414.jpeg
"IMG_20250416_190813")


---
### Mouhurtik Ray (2025-04-16T13:51:55.650Z)

hello sir,  
the link have submitted has a UI interface for solving the question which
looks somewhat like this  

[[Image could not be described]image1126√ó936 61.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/7/57caf380ea25455122ddb81e1e55ddece3066378.png
"image")

in order to access the endpoint we just need to add ‚Äú/api‚Äù on the end however
in the form I have submitted the link without the end line.  
Please Consider,  
Thanks & Regards,


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T14:03:03.062Z)

So anyone with an ngrok endpoint can send their new ngrok to us, but obviously
you will need to start the server up much sooner than 11 in that case. An
email will be sent to you specifically. DO NOT give us the endpoint on
discourse. Reply to the email we will send specifically for you.


---
### Lovepreet Singh (2025-04-16T14:04:46.728Z)

Hello,

For my results, it is marked as absent. Can you please confirm what has gone
wrong as I am really confident I have submitted Gform on deadline day around
3-5pm. Thank you

[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Swati Kapoor (2025-04-16T14:12:21.080Z)

I‚Äôm not able to restart my Virtual Machine as my Azure subscription has
expired and my account is disabled.

[[Image could not be described]image1039√ó650 50.9
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/e/1e23c8a5b32bfb39bb7bd64e88135bdd6007c9d3.png
"image")

Please suggest the way forward.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-16T14:36:02.233Z)

Since we will be evaluating between 11 to am you can run application on local
machine and provide us with the ngrok url by 10:30 pm.

Send us the correct endpoint test it before sending us.


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-04-16T14:41:24.879Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
I should send ngrok endpoint replying to the same email u sent me right?  
No extra google form will be there right?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-16T14:51:14.952Z)

Yes to the same Mail


---
### Afsal (2025-04-16T14:59:39.984Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Dear Sir,

I‚Äôm sorry to bother you again, but I‚Äôm in a desperate situation and have no
other option but to reach out through this channel.

As I mentioned in my previous message, my score has been marked as ‚Äúabsent,‚Äù
even though I submitted my project well before the deadline. Additionally, I
have not received any communication regarding a re-evaluation.

I kindly request you to look into this matter and provide a response at the
earliest.


---
### Sahil Raj  (2025-04-16T15:01:24.742Z)

* **Request to Use Public DNS for Course Tool API Deployment or Use Alternate Endpoint**

Dear [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@carlton](/u/carlton)

I hope you‚Äôre doing well!

I‚Äôm currently running my server and trying to access the API hosted at:

    
    
    https://sss-production-7a97.up.railway.app/api/
    

However, I‚Äôm encountering the following error:

    
    
    curl: (6) Could not resolve host: sss-production-7a97.up.railway.app
    

After some investigation, I found that the issue is related to DNS resolution.
The API becomes accessible when using **public DNS services** like **Google
(8.8.8.8)** or **Cloudflare (1.1.1.1)**. This suggests that the current
deployment environment may be using a restricted or unreliable DNS resolver,
which causes access issues on some networks (e.g., Jio).

* * *

### :hammer_and_wrench: Suggested Fix:

To ensure reliable access for all students, could you please consider updating
the deployment or testing environment to use a **public DNS** provider?

Recommended options:

  * **Google DNS** : `8.8.8.8`, `8.8.4.4`
  * **Cloudflare DNS** : `1.1.1.1`, `1.0.0.1`

This can typically be configured via Docker settings or the environment‚Äôs
networking configuration.

* * *

### :repeat_button: Alternate Option:

If the DNS change isn‚Äôt possible at the moment, I kindly request that you
evaluate my project using the **previously deployed endpoint** instead:

    
    
    https://tds-project-2-pnlm.onrender.com/api/
    

Please note that this endpoint may take **50 to 60 seconds** to respond, as
it‚Äôs hosted on a platform with a cold start delay ‚Äî but it is fully functional
and provides the correct outputs.

Both endpoints are currently active and return identical results.

* * *

Thank you so much for your time and support ‚Äî I truly appreciate the effort
you‚Äôre putting into helping us succeed in this course!

Best regards,  
**Sahil Raj**


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-16T15:49:14.408Z)

Will it be possible for the evaluation of vercel link as well i have veen
marked absent due to the email issues prevailing please look into this matter


---
### Reva Lakshmy Paul (2025-04-16T15:51:49.872Z)

Sir, my endpoint is deployed on render too. Hence it may take upto two minutes
for the server to respond.  
Thankyou!


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T15:58:16.822Z)

Thanks. These re evals are running on the gcloud vm so it should not be an
issue, but we will check anyway. Its a good tip.


---
### Shiva varshney  (2025-04-16T16:40:37.908Z)

what should i do , i deleted my vm after the email that your evaluation
completed , it is said in email that evaluation log and score will be sent but
nothing come , it seems my updated api endpoint is not evaluated , score comes
from previous endpoint , please what to do now ? again i am saying i deleted
my vm [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Jerin John (2025-04-16T16:50:55.693Z)

Dear [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)

In the google form which we submitted I had pasted the API endpoint as the one
which I got in the vercel dashboard i.e. <https://tds-
project2-rho.vercel.app/>  
whereas the correct api for giving post requests has **/api** added to the
above which i forgot to add. i.e**.<https://tds-
project2-rho.vercel.app/api/**>  
I have checked again and the post requests are working.  
I know that I made a mistake in the form and regret the same. If possible,
please evaluate my project 2 with the above endpoint


---
### Pritul Santosh Raut  (2025-04-16T17:05:08.736Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

These are my new endpoints: <https://gasolver-
hgayefe7b0avhpc6.southindia-01.azurewebsites.net/api/> I have replied to the
email regarding the re-evaluation message that was sent to me. Since I deleted
the Azure Web Service Plan after receiving instructions from the TDS team to
stop the service, I now need to host it again .Please let me know the next
steps.


---
### Rahul Pathak (2025-04-16T17:14:52.726Z)

Greetings, [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

I hope this message finds you well.

I am writing to kindly request the addition of an API to the link I previously
submitted for Project 2. I realized that including this API is essential for
the complete functionality and demonstration of the project.

please use this api url -: <https://rahulbot-a369.onrender.com/api/>  
instead of this - <https://rahulbot-a369.onrender.com/>

Thank you for your time and support. Looking forward to your response.

Best regards,  
Rahul Pathak  
23f2000798@ds.study.iitm.ac.in


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-16T17:41:11.328Z)

[@Pritul_raut](/u/pritul_raut) , [@22f3001416](/u/22f3001416)

Start server locally and send us your ngrok url‚Äôs.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-16T17:47:52.106Z)

[@rahul_pathak12](/u/rahul_pathak12) [@JerinJohn01](/u/jerinjohn01)

Please fill the form below we will only pick your endpoints from there, we
won‚Äôt be picking from discourse posts.

[accounts.google.com](https://accounts.google.com/v3/signin/identifier?continue=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.google.com%2Fforms%2Fd%2Fe%2F1FAIpQLSfJQb2SmT-
UKRM6Uc8lZ0Z3-hcgsv1Hn3M31dPqIFE48JXoVQ%2Fviewform&followup=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.google.com%2Fforms%2Fd%2Fe%2F1FAIpQLSfJQb2SmT-
UKRM6Uc8lZ0Z3-hcgsv1Hn3M31dPqIFE48JXoVQ%2Fviewform&ifkv=AXH0vVvOfa6rJTIw-
NVj1wEvYsFmjKCtcgg1nN0BTd1vvajBbRTzOG5xg8FlZFBbhOS3XSlJ3DjRww&ltmpl=forms&osid=1&passive=1209600&service=wise&flowName=GlifWebSignIn&flowEntry=ServiceLogin&dsh=S-1911273912%3A1744825710700248)

### [Google Forms: Sign-
in](https://accounts.google.com/v3/signin/identifier?continue=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.google.com%2Fforms%2Fd%2Fe%2F1FAIpQLSfJQb2SmT-
UKRM6Uc8lZ0Z3-hcgsv1Hn3M31dPqIFE48JXoVQ%2Fviewform&followup=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.google.com%2Fforms%2Fd%2Fe%2F1FAIpQLSfJQb2SmT-
UKRM6Uc8lZ0Z3-hcgsv1Hn3M31dPqIFE48JXoVQ%2Fviewform&ifkv=AXH0vVvOfa6rJTIw-
NVj1wEvYsFmjKCtcgg1nN0BTd1vvajBbRTzOG5xg8FlZFBbhOS3XSlJ3DjRww&ltmpl=forms&osid=1&passive=1209600&service=wise&flowName=GlifWebSignIn&flowEntry=ServiceLogin&dsh=S-1911273912%3A1744825710700248)

Access Google Forms with a personal Google account or Google Workspace account
(for business use).


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T17:48:09.195Z)

Hi @all

Please use the form that is sent. We will consider it if you send it as soon
as possible. Please note that this is still at our discretion. We will try to
consider everyones endpoint who submit on this form only.

<https://forms.gle/m2pzirzGvphPB5zq8>


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-16T17:48:56.626Z)

Hi Jivraj,

I would like to draw attention to a specific question regarding the process of
creating an HTML file and publishing it to GitHub. I notice that I am not
providing a preloaded answer when this question arises. Instead, it creates a
new repository and an HTML file, then deploys it on GitHub. Initially, it
presents a URL, but I understand that your server checks to verify whether the
URL contains valid HTML. This verification process takes time, which can lead
to an incorrect response when checking the URL right after deployment.

At that moment, the URL might not display the HTML content or be verified by
your server, even though eventually, the deployment is successful and the URL
is correct. Please keep in mind that publishing to GitHub requires some time;
it‚Äôs not feasible to expedite this process drastically, to my knowledge.

I checked and noted that this question has been asked recently.

Additionally, I believe the image may show your server‚Äôs IP address.

Thank you!  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on the
text and its context: **Overall Image:** The image shows a screen capture of a
Windows PowerShell window. The console displays log-like information, likely
from a Python script or application running on the system. **Key Text and Log
Snippets:** * **File Paths:** There are several references to file paths,
indicating the script likely interacts with Python files organized in a
specific directory structure: * `E://data science tool//GA1//eighteenth.py` *
`E://data science tool//GA3//second.py` * `E://data science
tool//GA2//third.py` * `E://data science tool//GA4//sixth.py` * **Log Entries
with Timestamps:** The lines starting with a timestamp (e.g., `3:02:08,019`)
appear to be log entries: * `3.158.43.22:0 - "POST /api/ HTTP/1.1" 200 OK`:
This looks like a server log entry, indicating a successful HTTP POST request
to the `/api/` endpoint. The "200 OK" confirms the request was successful. *
`tds_app - INFO - Logged IP 103.158.43.22 accessing /api/`: This indicates
that the application "tds_app" is logging IP addresses that access the `/api/`
endpoint. The IP address logged is `103.158.43.22`. This line appears multiple
times. * **Search Terms:** Lines starting with "in:" show possible search or
query terms. * `in: openai` * `in: github` * `in: excel` * **GitHub Related
Information:** * `: GitHub Pages query -> GA2/third.py`: This suggests the
script is querying GitHub Pages and that it's somehow related to the
`GA2/third.py` file. * **Scoring and Confidence:** The following snippets
indicate a scoring or confidence level for the respective files. * `(score:
0.41, confidence: 40%)` related to `E://data science tool//GA3//second.py` *
`(score: 0.50, confidence: 50%)` related to `E://data science
tool//GA2//third.py` **Interpretation:** Based on the text, here's a possible
interpretation: * The script seems to be part of a "data science tool"
project. * It involves searching, possibly using external APIs (OpenAI,
GitHub). * The IP `103.158.43.22` is accessing the `/api/` endpoint of some
service or application. * The script may be analyzing or processing the files
(`GA1/eighteenth.py`, `GA3/second.py`, `GA2/third.py`, `GA4/sixth.py`) and
assigning scores or confidence levels. **In summary, the image captures log
output from a data science application, detailing API access, file processing,
search terms, and GitHub interactions.** ]10000638561920√ó858 139
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/b/db761b4fc8a46e49b51c3b587e5d8a77402031f9.jpeg
"1000063856")


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-16T17:57:02.894Z)

How long you want us to keep timeout of request is, right now we have 60
seconds of timeout.


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-04-16T18:04:19.307Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
I have received 5 ‚Äú200 OK‚Äù POST requests on my ngrok endpoint(which i had sent
replying to [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) email before 10:30 PM) between 11:02 PM to
11:05 PM.  
Do i need to update my previous gform? Or is everything done from my end?  
Im keeping server on till tomorrow morning.


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-16T18:09:39.408Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) yes sir same doubt as [@GaURaVinDeX](/u/gauravindex) .
i also got 5 200 ok requests in my terinal. i sent the url to the mail i got
before. do i need to update this gform again? or Or is everything done from my
end?  
I m keeping server on till tomorrow morning.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T18:21:10.896Z)

If you filled the gform that is sufficient.


---
### HARISH. S (2025-04-16T18:21:48.949Z)

sir i replied for the mail i recieved for new ngrok link. so now you are
asking to fill this gform sir?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T18:22:18.916Z)

If you filled the gform before its fine. Its for all those that had accidently
gave us wrong ones.


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-04-16T18:22:26.877Z)

Sir, I replied to the email received by me from [@jivraj](/u/jivraj) as it was
instructed. Should i fill gform now also?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T18:23:05.796Z)

Email to jivraj for ngrok was fine. Since he emailed you directly for the
ngrok folks


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-04-16T18:25:06.406Z)

Ok. Because our gform of 10th April has old ngrok endpoint which isnt valid
now. Only the one which we have emailed to [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) before 10:30
PM is current active. So i conclude our emailed ngrok endpoints of today to
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) are enough.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T18:28:37.715Z)

Yes todays ngrok you sent to jivraj is fine. Because old ones are invalid


---
### Saini Nirmal (2025-04-16T18:32:06.565Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) Please recheck my project 2 also as I got 0 on
dashboard. I and my two friends made this together but he got 80 and I got 0,
how is this possible?


---
### D HARICHARAN  (2025-04-16T18:41:22.542Z)

Sir, submitted the gform and also replied to the mail that I received about
re-evaluation


---
### srinivasan G (2025-04-16T18:48:56.901Z)

sir , I got 39 with project 2 score as 0. Will fail by 1 mark if my project 2
is 0. haha‚Ä¶


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T19:03:26.479Z)

You did not provide the right endpoint. Did you fill the form with the right
endpoint.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-16T19:07:08.669Z)

deploying time the html page on GitHub page that is not in my hand


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-16T19:08:57.178Z)

[algsoch.github.io](https://algsoch.github.io/portfolio-1744825944/)

### [Professional Portfolio | 24f2006438](https://algsoch.github.io/portfolio-1744825944/)

you can clearly see there is html page publish  
i think that time my api gave answer with this url


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-16T19:33:11.097Z)

Do you have proof that you have submitted before deadline? Because the gfrom
shows the timestamp of being after deadline


---
### Afsal (2025-04-16T19:39:18.184Z)

Sir, I had submitted the project on 31st March at 11:30 PM itself. However, I
made a change to the Vercel endpoint and updated it on 1st April. I can
provide a screenshot of the Vercel deployment as proof. Unfortunately, I
didn‚Äôt keep a copy of the Google Form submission. But to be honest, I shared
the deployed project with some of my friends on 1st and 2nd April, after my
edit, and they submitted it through the form after me. They received marks,
but I haven‚Äôt received the same.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-16T19:49:30.229Z)

Hi [@afsalshah](/u/afsalshah)

You submitted google form with wrong email address.  
This was the email address you used for filling form.

quizapp.mad2@gmail.com


---
### Afsal (2025-04-16T19:52:20.123Z)

Sorry, Sir. I just realized the reason why my submission was not considered ‚Äî
I had used the email ID I created specifically for my MAD2 project. It was a
genuine mistake on my part. However, I noticed in a previous thread that
another student who submitted using a different email ID was given a chance to
update it. I kindly request you to consider giving me the same opportunity as
well.  
I have given my endpoint to the gform circulated in this thread.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-16T19:59:13.671Z)

We didn‚Äôt account for such cases. The purpose of that form was to reevaluate
only those who submitted using their IITM email but had provided the wrong
endpoint.

Anyone who didn‚Äôt use their IITM email during submission‚Äîeven if they later
filled out the form‚Äîwas filtered out and not considered for reevaluation.


---
### Afsal (2025-04-16T20:05:26.976Z)

I understand your point, Sir. It was a mistake on my part, but if possible, I
kindly request you to consider my submission given the circumstances.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-16T20:08:40.733Z)

can you send this email which is there in screenshot to
me(22f3002542@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) ?

If that proof you can give we will consider reevaluating.


---
### Ketan Saini (2025-04-17T00:35:37.925Z)

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) I believe it is a
bit late now, but my Programming Quiz score is being displayed as Absent, I
remember very well that I got a 4 out of 10, but it has been displaying Absent
for a very long time now. This the ROE exam I am talking about here. Kindly
fix this issue too.  
[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Textual Information:** The image contains the following text: *
"PROGRAMMING_QUIZ_1 - Absent" * "COURSE PROJECT - 35.00" * "Course Project
Score 2 - 0.00" Based on the image's content, it appears to be displaying
information related to coursework, possibly student grades or attendance. We
can assume it is a screenshot of a screen that displays grading information
for programming. The first item says that the student was absent for
Programming Quiz 1. They have a score of 35 for course project 1 and a score
of 0 for course project score 2.]


---
### Pratyush Pulak Nishank (2025-04-17T01:39:55.098Z)

Hi Team,

Yesterday, I received a mail stating that our **Project 2** would be
**reevaluated between 11 PM and 2 AM tonight** , and that the following
endpoint would be used to test the API:

:link: <https://project2llm-production.up.railway.app/api/>

However, I have not seen any logs in Railway during that timeframe, and my
score on the dashboard is still showing as **0**.

Could you please confirm if my URL was actually reevaluated?

Thank you!  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Vijaya Tiwary (2025-04-17T03:59:41.214Z)

Dear Sir

Yesterday I received the mail to start my server from 11 pm to 2 am, but I am
very sorry that I did not read the mail on time and hence could not start the
server on time. I request you kindly to give a second chance for re
evaluation. I have done the project and it would not be fair if it is not
evaluated.

Thank you


---
### Swati Kapoor (2025-04-17T04:23:22.551Z)

Hi Team,

Please confirm if the evaluations were carried out last night as I don‚Äôt see
any logs on my api. I had shared my updated ngrok link on email as well as the
form shared yesterday.

Thank You!


---
### Saini Nirmal (2025-04-17T05:09:34.379Z)

yes i have filled that but i have tested my API many times before and after
gform


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-17T05:24:49.680Z)

I am really sorry sir for bothering you again and again but i kindly request
you to look into this matter i had submitted my gform link but i am marked
absent the link for my git repository is [GitHub -
kartikayy1/project2final](https://github.com/kartikayy1/project2final)

And my vercel link is

[project2final-beta.vercel.app](https://project2final-beta.vercel.app/)

### [TDS Solver](https://project2final-beta.vercel.app/)

It is my humble request if you can evaluate the project and update my marks


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-17T05:25:24.406Z)

I am really sorry sir for bothering you again and again but i kindly request
you to look into this matter i had submitted my gform link but i am marked
absent the link for my git repository is [GitHub -
kartikayy1/project2final](https://github.com/kartikayy1/project2final)

And my vercel link is

[project2final-beta.vercel.app](https://project2final-beta.vercel.app/)

### [TDS Solver](https://project2final-beta.vercel.app/)


---
### Shubhranshu Sharma (2025-04-17T06:07:42.779Z)

sir i didn‚Äôt get any mail regarding evaluation of project 2 yet , though i
submitted it before the deadline


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-04-17T06:36:21.983Z)

Sir, have the scores been updated after the re-evaluation? Will we receive
logs for the evaluation?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-17T06:52:40.570Z)

You filled form after 11 pm, and we pulled out all the responses before 11 Pm.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-17T06:53:14.971Z)

yes logs will be sentout


---
### Shivaditya Bhattacharya (2025-04-17T07:03:03.214Z)

And sir have the results been updated on Dashboard? Asking because the score‚Äôs
still 0 on the dashboard.


---
### Pratyush Pulak Nishank (2025-04-17T07:03:37.752Z)

**Subject:** Clarification Regarding Project 2 Reevaluation

Hi Team,

I received an email yesterday stating that our Project 2 would be reevaluated
between 11 PM and 2 AM tonight.  
However, I haven‚Äôt seen any deployment logs on Railway during that timeframe,
and my score on the dashboard is still showing as 0.

My url is working perfectly still there is no logs in the railway.

Could you please confirm whether my Project 2 was actually reevaluated?

Thank you!

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-17T07:17:45.908Z)

Can you send us proof that you have submitted the form, I looked at the
submissions and could not find your email there.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-17T07:19:52.656Z)

Your submission was reevaluated, I confirm that in timeframe of 11PM to 2 AM


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-17T07:20:24.797Z)

No They will be updated by today.


---
### Swati Kapoor (2025-04-17T07:21:06.099Z)

I had replied to the email before 11pm with the updated URL as suggested by
you in the earlier thread before the form was released.

I submitted the form as soon as I saw the message on discourse which was after
11pm.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-17T07:22:18.716Z)

You used this email address for submitting form

kingshubh011@gmail.com

Which is not IITM email address, how would we know whom it belongs to?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-17T07:25:48.493Z)

can you show us what you submitted? Was it a valid url ?


---
### Shubhranshu Sharma (2025-04-17T07:28:57.156Z)

Oh no , i didn‚Äôt noticed because the deadline was about to end. But nothing
can be done now? My project is working fine and the score i got in project 1
are also not good so I need the marks to improve my score


---
### Pratyush Pulak Nishank (2025-04-17T07:31:35.474Z)

Sir! Is it possible that the railway won‚Äôt show any of the logs even if the
api url is tested?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-17T07:37:33.041Z)

I don‚Äôt know answer to that question, have never used railway, you need to
figure out yourself


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-17T07:38:51.283Z)

Sir here is a screenshot of my google form that i submitted


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-17T07:40:46.206Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a Google Form being
viewed on a mobile device. The form has questions related to a "Project 2,"
specifically asking for a GitHub repository link and an API endpoint.
**Content Breakdown:** * **Text/Form Questions:** * "What is the link to your
GitHub repository which has the code for Project 2?" * A description
indicating the required format: "It should look like https://github.com/user-
name/repository-name" * A provided example GitHub URL:
"https://github.com/kartikayy1/project2final" * "What is the link to your API
endpoint?" * Additional information: "Make sure we can send a POST request to
this exact URL" * A provided example API endpoint: "https://project2final-
beta.vercel.app/" * "Create your own Google Form" * "Does this form look
suspicious? Report" * **Objects/Features:** * The screenshot is from a mobile
phone, as indicated by the top bar showing time (18:59), battery level, and
cellular/Wi-Fi indicators. * The screenshot appears to be taken within an
email app, given the reply buttons and email notification count at the bottom
of the image. * Each question has a red asterisk ("\\*"), likely indicating
that the question is required. **Possible Questions it Could Help Answer:** *
What type of form is it? * What is the form asking for? * What is the format
of the expected answers? * What is the purpose of this form? * Is this form
suspicious? * What is the API endpoint for project 2? * What is the repository
name for project 2? ]10001888201080√ó2400 196 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/a/4a4e4a0e178952b492a301ad303108e1f8d97086.jpeg
"1000188820")


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-17T07:43:12.185Z)

I am really sorry sir i cant apologise enough but by mistake i used my
personal email address instead of the iitm emial snd i deeply apologize for
the inconveniences but i request you to kindly consider this project as it is
very essential for me to pass this course  
I will make sure that such silly mistake does not happen in the future but i
request you to please Consider this time.  
The email used would be
[kartikaytaunk@gmail.com](mailto:kartikaytaunk@gmail.com)


---
### Aarush saxena  (2025-04-17T07:48:29.719Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Since html page take time to host and github link comes in output early ‚Ä¶ how
will u guys will evaluate that question since after since website take extra
5-8 second to get live but the github url in output comes before that


---
### Saini Nirmal (2025-04-17T07:49:30.786Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content: **Overall:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a Google Form displayed on a mobile device. The form seems to be related to updating URL endpoints. **Text Content:** * **Header:** * "1:16 PM | 0.1KB/s" indicates the time and likely a network connection speed. * **Form Information:** * "To streamline the process of URL endpoints changes and accommodate your grievances, we have created this form for you to be able to update your endpoints." - Explains the purpose of the form. * "Your email (23f1002643@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) was recorded when you submitted this form." - Confirms that the user's email has been recorded. * **Form Question:** * "Please provide your updated endpoint." - Asks the user to enter their new endpoint. * "If the endpoint changes, please edit this form that you have already submitted so that we can have the latest endpoint. Do not submit multiple forms." - Instructs the user to edit existing form submissions rather than creating new ones. * **Form Answer:** * "tds-ga-llm.vercel.app/api" - This appears to be the answer provided to the form question, representing a URL endpoint. * **Footer/Google Form Elements:** * "Create your own Google Form" - Standard Google Form element. * "Does this form look suspicious? Report" - A Google Form feature that allows users to report potentially malicious forms. **Objects and Features:** * **Mobile Device Interface:** The image shows elements of a typical Android mobile phone screen, including the status bar at the top, navigation buttons at the bottom, and app icons. * **Dark Mode:** The app appears to be in dark mode. * **Google Form Design:** The form has a dark background and white text, consistent with Google Form's design. **In summary, the image is a screenshot of a Google Form asking the user to update a URL endpoint. It emphasizes the importance of editing existing submissions rather than creating duplicates. The email associated with the response is from the Indian Institute of Technology Madras and hosted on the Vercel cloud platform.**]Screenshot_2025-04-17-13-16-34-275_com.google.android.gm1080√ó2340 230 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/3/c37a4ebb254beffeb8f3d310f28bc4d6f21540fe.jpeg "Screenshot_2025-04-17-13-16-34-275_com.google.android.gm")


---
### LAKSHAY (2025-04-17T08:41:43.355Z)

Yes, the new page took about 5‚Äì10 seconds to go live after the GitHub
repository was created when we used Gmail as a parameter.  
If the Gmail is fixed, we can hardcode it in advance.  
In our case, Gmail is a parameter, so the function should remain dynamic and
it would take 5-10 second to go live after we received answer.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-04-17T08:55:41.465Z)

We are not evaluating any wrong submissions.


---
### Srividhya (2025-04-17T10:12:47.903Z)

sir my project 2 is also showing 0 but it was working. pls check if it was not
working at least give some marks for the effort that w have put. I also accept
that we have learnt a lot in this course and marks doesnot matter. but after
putting a lot of effort day and night getting a zero, gives a drastic
discouragement to even look at the laptop. pls consider if possible.


---
### Anshul (2025-04-17T11:30:00.630Z)

I have completed and submitted the assigned project 2, and I have verified
that it is working correctly as per the given instructions.

However, I noticed that the score awarded to me for the project is 0. I
believe this may be an error, as my project meets the required criteria and
functions as expected.

I kindly request you to review my submission and let me know if there was any
issue during evaluation or submission that may have led to this result.

I have deployed the project on vercel as instructed.  
I have uploaded all the links in google form and submitted it.

To support this, I am attaching a screenshot of the PowerShell window that
shows an example of my application running successfully for one of the
questions.  

[[Image could not be described]ss1525√ó535 24.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/5/9559f96234107876fb8e2bc0f6b66fe20ba171a1.png
"ss")


---
### Sathya  (2025-04-17T13:09:00.302Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) I appreciate the team
incorporating my updated response at the endpoint with the ‚Äú/api‚Äù path and re-
evaluating accordingly, as well as sharing the results via email.

To my surprise, when I invoke the same endpoint that was evaluated ‚Äî using the
correct multipart/form-data payload with both question and file fields ‚Äî I
consistently receive a 200 OK response with the expected output.

Moreover, if I omit either field from the form-data, the server returns the
exact validation error mentioned in the re-evaluation report, which makes
sense. Based on this behavior and the details in the shared report, I‚Äôd like
to confirm: during the re-evaluation, was the request payload indeed sent with
both question and file fields included in the form-data?

For reference, I‚Äôve attached a screenshot demonstrating the response.

[[Image description: The image shows a JSON array containing five objects.
Each object represents the result of an API call, as indicated by the "api"
key which contains the URL "https://fileqa-app.vercel.app/api/". Each object
also contains "test_code", "status", and "error" keys. The "status" is
consistently "FAILED" across all objects. The "error" field indicates an HTTP
400 error with the message "Missing question or file", suggesting that the API
calls are failing due to missing input. The different test codes include:
"GA1_q18", "GA4_q6", "GA2_q3", "GA3_q2", and "GA5_q7". ]re-evaluvation-
report1636√ó1680 311 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/5/f539896295f8754ffe827b53fdb38332d1b16f8f.png
"re-evaluvation-report")

  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Context:**
The image appears to be a screenshot from a web development tool (likely
Postman or a similar API testing application) used to send a POST request to
an API. The API's endpoint is `https://fileqa-app.vercel.app/api/`. The user
is attempting to upload a file and a question to this endpoint. However, the
request is failing. **Key Elements:** * **HTTP Method and URL:** * Method:
POST * URL: `https://fileqa-app.vercel.app/api/` * **Request Body:** *
**Format:** "form-data" (radio button selected) * **Data:** * `question`: A
text field containing the value "What is the value in the \"answer\" column of
the...". However, the checkbox next to "question" is unchecked, so this
parameter is not included in the request. * `file`: A file field named "file"
with the file "abcd.zip" uploaded. The checkbox next to "file" is checked, so
this file should be included in the request. * **Response:** * Status Code:
400 Bad Request * Body: A JSON object with the following structure: ```json {
"error": "Missing question or file" } ``` * **Annotations:** * The image
includes annotation "Sending request without question" with an arrow pointing
to the unchecked "question" checkbox * The image includes annotation "Response
same as evaluation" with an arrow pointing to the JSON response "Missing
question or file" **Problem:** The response "Missing question or file"
indicates that the API requires both "question" and "file" parameters to be
present in the request. However, the user has only included the "file"
parameter in the request, because the checkbox next to "question" parameter is
unchecked. **Possible Solution:** The user needs to check the checkbox next to
"question" parameter to include it in the request. ]Screenshot at Apr 17
18-34-301938√ó934 130 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/4/c4e8e2ee7ed548a59a61566b1d0d2b6c52b0bd4e.png
"Screenshot at Apr 17 18-34-30")

  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout:** The image shows a screenshot of a web development tool, likely
Postman or a similar API testing client, used to send a POST request to a
specified URL. The interface is divided into sections for setting request
parameters, headers, body, scripts, and settings. The response is displayed in
the bottom section. **Header Section:** * **Request Type:** The request type
is set to "POST". * **URL:** The URL of the API endpoint is "https://fileqa-
app.vercel.app/api/". **Body Section:** * **Form Data:** The request body is
configured to use "form-data". * **Key-Value Pairs:** There are two key-value
pairs defined in the body: * **question:** The key is "question", the type is
"Text", and the value is "What is the value in the 'answer' column of the...".
This key is checked. * **file:** The key is "file", the type is "File", and
the value is "abcd.zip". The file is present, but this key is not checked.
There is a warning symbol next to the file name. * **Sending Request:** The
text "Sending req without file" is overlaid on the interface, highlighting
that the user intended to send a request without the file. **Response
Section:** * **Status Code:** The response status code is "400 Bad Request". *
**Response Body (JSON):** The response body is in JSON format and contains an
"error" field with the value "Missing question or file". * **Evaluvation
Report:** The text "response same as evaluvation report" is overlaid on the
interface, indicating that the response is the same as an evaluation report.
**Key Observations and Analysis:** * **The Issue:** The server is returning a
"400 Bad Request" error because the request is missing either the "question"
or the "file" parameter. * **Form Data Configuration:** The user is trying to
send a form-data request with a "question" as text and "file" as a file.
However, since the checkbox next to "file" is unchecked, the file is not being
included in the request. * **Inconsistency:** The warning symbol next to
"abcd.zip" suggests that there might be an issue related to the file or that
the file name may be incorrect. * **Misleading Error Message:** The error
message "Missing question or file" can be misleading because the "question"
parameter is actually present. The actual problem is that the "file" parameter
is expected but not included in the request because the checkbox is not
checked.]Screenshot at Apr 17 18-35-461948√ó940 136
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/2/12150aab1e4d0da5ede91f66240044926be1f004.png
"Screenshot at Apr 17 18-35-46")

  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image is
a screenshot of a Postman interface, which is a tool used for API testing. It
shows a POST request being made to the endpoint "https://fileqa-
app.vercel.app/api/". **Key elements and observations:** * **Request Type and
URL:** The image indicates a POST request being sent to the URL
"https://fileqa-app.vercel.app/api/". * **Request Body:** The request body is
of type "form-data". There are two key-value pairs defined: * **question:**
The value is a text string: "What is the value in the "answer" column of
the...". This suggests a question being asked to the API. * **file:** The
value is a file named "abcd.zip". This indicates a file is being sent as part
of the request. * **Response:** * **Status Code:** The response code is "200
OK", indicating a successful request. * **Response Body:** The response body
is in JSON format and contains a single key-value pair: "answer":
"1234567890". This suggests that the API has processed the file and/or
question and returned the answer. * **Annotations:** Red arrows and text have
been added to highlight specific parts of the image: * One arrow points to the
"file" parameter in the request body, with the text "Sent req with
file/question both". * Another arrow points to the "200 OK" status code, with
the text "Expected res code". * A third arrow points to the "answer" field in
the JSON response, with the text "Expected response". **In summary,** the
image shows a successful API call to a service that likely takes a file and a
question as input, processes them, and returns an answer in the form of a
string. The request is sent with a file and a question in the body as form
data. The expected response is a status code of 200 and a JSON body containing
an "answer" field with the value "1234567890".]Success1922√ó940 132
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/1/d16ed1d7d739a3779a907f08137a1f4626a1aee2.png
"Success")


---
### Aditya goyal (2025-04-17T13:42:26.377Z)

[[Image could not be described]WhatsApp Image 2025-04-17 at 19.08.011600√ó385
66.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/3/83dedb4b92660b023148b9c5a1996c8413278ad0.jpeg
"WhatsApp Image 2025-04-17 at 19.08.01")

> I would like to highlight an issue regarding the evaluation of the TDS
> Solver Project 2.

> As per the official project instructions, our API was clearly required to
> handle **POST** requests at /api/ with multipart/form-data.

> Nowhere in the documentation was it mentioned that the API should handle
> **GET** requests.

> However, during evaluation, GET requests seem to be made to the endpoint,
> leading to **405 Method Not Allowed** errors.

> These errors are expected behavior for an API that is properly built to
> accept only POST, exactly as per the project guidelines.

> Therefore, I request that the evaluation team **only test using POST
> requests** as originally instructed.

> Penalizing students because of unnecessary GET requests would be **unfair
> and incorrect** based on the project requirements.

> Please ensure that evaluation happens strictly according to the provided
> instructions.


---
### Sathya  (2025-04-17T13:43:34.647Z)

For further more clarification to prove my endpoint is working as expected.

[[Image could not be described]image1942√ó904 203
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/1/d123698466d8ed43a79a92f69e4752b3730b3e77.jpeg
"image")

[[Image could not be described]image1936√ó910 128
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/8/f8ba75a5c899794a86005120ac8d0af1dba85cf0.png
"image")

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Layout:** The image is a screenshot of a web-based API testing tool, likely
Postman or a similar application. It shows a configured API request and the
corresponding response. **Top Section (Request Configuration):** * **URL:**
`https://fileqa-app.vercel.app/api/` This is the endpoint being called. *
**Method:** `POST` The HTTP method being used. * **Tabs:** "Params",
"Authorization", "Headers (9)", "Body", "Scripts", "Settings". The "Body" tab
is active (highlighted), indicating that the request body is being configured.
* **Body Type:** "form-data" is selected, indicating that the request body is
formatted as form data. **Middle Section (Request Body Details):** * There are
two key-value pairs defined for the form data: * **Key:** "question",
**Value:** "What is the value in the "answer" column of the..." (Text type) *
**Key:** "file", **Value:** "def.zip" (File type). The file input is indicated
by an cloud upload icon. A note next to this row says "Zip with new CSV
without any values, just having column names". **Bottom Section (Response):**
* **Tabs:** "Body", "Cookies", "Headers (10)", "Test Results" The "Body" tab
is active and displays the JSON response. * **JSON Response:** ```json {
"error": "Answer column not found or empty." } ``` A note beside this JSON
response says "Expected error answer :)". **Interpretation** The setup
describes a scenario where an API is called. The user is sending a question
and a ZIP file containing a CSV file. The CSV file apparently has only column
headers but no data. The API returns an error message saying that the "Answer
column not found or empty," suggesting the API expects to find data in the
"answer" column within the CSV file provided. ]image1940√ó928 137
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/b/db93b66e0ad980008bf6fcb646ee499e77ca12b9.png
"image")

If there are any additional scenarios you‚Äôd like me to test, feel free to let
me know, I‚Äôd be happy to help validate that the endpoint is functioning as
expected. [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Manu C (2025-04-17T13:47:01.539Z)

[[Image could not be described]image1430√ó142 5.42
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/b/3b6b9fef6202e7f8e3eef43a416632f4c7f44442.png
"image")

  
the answer is correct expect for extra spaces it was told that those spaces
are neglectable still it showed as error plz consider this
[@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-17T14:45:57.873Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
this was one of the question it asked on api  
‚Äò‚Äô‚Äò{  
‚Äúapi‚Äù: ‚Äú<https://app.algsoch.tech/api/>‚Äù,  
‚Äútest_code‚Äù: ‚ÄúGA2_q3‚Äù,  
‚Äústatus‚Äù: ‚ÄúFAILED‚Äù,  
‚Äúactual‚Äù: ‚Äú tag not found‚Äù,  
‚Äúexpected‚Äù: ‚Äú24f2006438@ds.study.iitm.ac.in‚Äù  
},‚Äô‚Äò‚Äô  
Now I am demonstrating that my HTML page includes an email tag. You can see it
here.  

[[Image description: Here's a description of the image content: **Overall
Layout:** The image presents contact information within a blue-toned layout.
It includes a heading, a brief message, an email address, and social media
icons. **Text Content:** * **Heading:** "Get In Touch" * **Message:** "Feel
free to reach out for collaborations or just a friendly chat!" * **Email
Address:** "24f2006438@ds.study.iitm.ac.in" **Social Media Icons:** * There
are three circular icons at the bottom. They appear to represent: * GitHub
(Cat logo) * LinkedIn (In logo) * Twitter (Bird logo) **General Impression:**
The overall design is clean and straightforward, aiming to provide easy access
to contact details for collaborations or casual communication. ]image640√ó238
10.6 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/4/445cb5154e62aff942d0c688f1675e60fece3865.png
"image")

and  
{  
‚Äúapi‚Äù: ‚Äú<https://app.algsoch.tech/api/>‚Äù,  
‚Äútest_code‚Äù: ‚ÄúGA4_q6‚Äù,  
‚Äústatus‚Äù: ‚ÄúFAILED‚Äù,  
‚Äúactual‚Äù: ‚Äú[GitHub - sminez/ad: an adaptable text
editor](https://github.com/sminez/ad)‚Äù,  
‚Äúexpected‚Äù: ‚Äú[The 2FA app that tells you when you get
`314159`](https://blog.jacobstechtavern.com/p/building-a-2fa-app-that-detects-
patterns)‚Äù  
}  
I am unsure of the exact question, but it seems that the question can be
modified with search terms and points. For example, in the account, it was
stated as [‚Äòtext editor‚Äô, at least 77 points‚Äô]. If this were the parameter,
then my answer would be correct, and I have proof.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content: **Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of search results from a "Hacker News" search engine. The results are displayed on a light beige background. **Header Area (Top):** * There is an orange-colored header section. * A square with "H" inside is likely a logo for Hacker News. * The words "Search Hacker News" are next to the logo. * A search box is present with the text "https://github.com/sminez/ad" filled in. A magnifying glass icon is positioned to the left of the text inside the search box. * A row of filter options is just below the search box. It allows filtering by "Stories" (with a dropdown), "Popularity" (with a dropdown), and "All time" (with a dropdown). **Search Results Area:** The primary content consists of two search results formatted similarly: * **Label "Ad:"**: Each entry is prefixed with "Ad:", indicating an advertisement or promoted result. * **Title**: "An Adaptable Text Editor" * **URL**: A link is given, "(https://github.com/sminez/ad)". The URLs in both results are identical and are highlighted in yellow. * **Metadata**: Each result contains information about the submission: * The first result has "142 points" | "xelxebar" | "4 months ago" | "61 comments" * The second result has "5 points" | "todsacerdoti" | "8 months ago" | "1 comments" **Overall Impression:** The image shows that someone has searched for "https://github.com/sminez/ad" on Hacker News and the search engine is returning ads/promoted entries relating to "An Adaptable Text Editor" project on GitHub. The results show the number of points, user who posted the link, when it was posted, and the number of comments. ]image855√ó383 19.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/4/1491bca832e4df4bbdbb7da52e2e9b63477a1839.png "image")

and this  
{  
‚Äúapi‚Äù: ‚Äú<https://app.algsoch.tech/api/>‚Äù,  
‚Äútest_code‚Äù: ‚ÄúGA3_q2‚Äù,  
‚Äústatus‚Äù: ‚ÄúFAILED‚Äù,  
‚Äúactual‚Äù: 125,  
‚Äúexpected‚Äù: ‚ÄúRange: 55 to 65‚Äù  
}  
I‚Äôm not sure what the exact question was, but it was correct for me again. I
have another question or doubt.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-17T14:59:36.097Z)

Case 3: JSON Key Count ‚Äì XF Parameter (GA5_q7)

{

‚Äúapi‚Äù: ‚Äú<https://app.algsoch.tech/api/>‚Äù,

‚Äútest_code‚Äù: ‚ÄúGA5_q7‚Äù,

‚Äústatus‚Äù: ‚ÄúERROR‚Äù,

‚Äúerror‚Äù: ‚Äúinvalid literal for int() with base 10: ‚ÄòError: Invalid JSON in the
file. Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)‚Äô‚Äù

}

#### :memo: What Was Expected:

The question required developing a script that:

  * Parses a large, deeply nested JSON log file, and

  * Counts how many times a specific key ‚Äî represented by XF ‚Äî appears in the JSON structure.

It was explicitly stated that:

  * Only key matches for XF are to be counted, not values.

  * The file to be used was:  
E:\data science tool\GA5\q-extract-nested-json-keys.json

#### :white_check_mark: What I Did:

I used the correct approach, parsing the nested JSON file and counting how
many times the key XF appeared throughout the structure.

Here‚Äôs the actual response I got using this cURL command:

curl -X POST <https://app.algsoch.tech/api/> \

-H ‚Äúaccept: application/json‚Äù \

-F ‚Äúquestion=‚Ä¶How many times does XF appear as a key?‚Äù \

-F ‚Äúfile=@E:\data science tool\GA5\q-extract-nested-json-keys.json‚Äù

API Output:{‚Äúanswer‚Äù:‚Äú14602‚Äù}

This indicates that my logic worked correctly and the key XF appeared 14,602
times, exactly as intended.

#### :warning: What Went Wrong on API Side:

The API returned a parsing error, indicating:

‚Äúinvalid literal for int() with base 10: ‚ÄòError: Invalid JSON in the file‚Ä¶‚Äô‚Äù

However:

  * My file was valid JSON, properly parsed.

  * The actual issue seems to be on the API‚Äôs side ‚Äî possibly mishandling the file read or decoding before passing it to the evaluator.

  * It may have expected an integer but received a string-wrapped error or non-integer data, causing it to crash.

#### :light_bulb: Insight:

If the original question was about counting the key XF, my solution was 100%
correct.

However, if the question dynamically changed the key name or added extra
criteria (e.g., only count if value == true, or only under a certain section),
then the result might differ. But from the default XF-focused question, my
logic and result match perfectly.


---
### Manu C (2025-04-17T17:39:33.861Z)

[[Image description: The image is a JSON data structure, indicating the result
of a test or query. It contains the following key-value pairs: * **api:**
"https://roe-i6ghzat4g-manu-cs-projects.vercel.app/api/". This is likely the
API endpoint used. * **test\\_code:** "GA1\\_q18". This seems to be the
identifier for a specific test case. * **status:** "ERROR". This indicates
that the test resulted in an error. * **error:** "near \"``sql\nSELECT SUM
(price * units) AS total\\_sales\nFROM tickets\nWHERE LOWER (type) =
'gold';\n``\": syntax error". This gives the specific error message, which
seems to be a SQL syntax error. The SQL query aims to calculate the sum of
(price * units) and alias it as total\\_sales, FROM the table "tickets", and
filter by the condition "WHERE LOWER (type) = 'gold'". The 'near' part of the
error message suggests the error is located around the start of the code
block. ]image1491√ó166 5.46 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/5/f5178de7b817bd185e7190f821cf28c505ac25e1.png
"image")

in this question even though the answer is correct except those extra spaces
it has been showing error plz check into this [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Pratyush Pulak Nishank (2025-04-18T01:59:34.184Z)

## Issue with Marks Not Updated on Dashboard

Dear Team,

I would like to bring to your attention that although I have successfully
passed **at least one out of the five questions** , the marks have **not yet
been updated** in my dashboard.

Kindly look into this issue and update my Project 2 marks accordingly.

Thank you for your assistance!  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-18T03:34:16.351Z)

[@23f2002286](/u/23f2002286) and everyone else,

At the end of the term operations has a lot of updates to push. We have sent
the marks to them, but they have not yet pushed it to the dashboard. As soon
as they push it, they will inform us and we will then send out a discrepancy
form to all of you if you find any issues.

Thanks and Kind regards


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-18T04:46:51.174Z)

I had completed project 2 but because of a mistake i filled the form with my
personal mail id fue to which the project eas not evaluated i fully consider
this to be my fault and assure that something like this will not happen in the
future .

If my evaluation of project 2 is not done then i will fail the tds course and
will have to repeat this course which will cause a financial strain on me

I know that it is difficult for you to consider this request but it is my
humblest request if you can just look through the project i tried to complete
the project with the best of my abilities

It will be really helpful if you can access the project  
My git repository link is - GitHub - kartikayy1/project2final

My vercel link is - <https://project2final-beta.vercel.app/>


---
### Atharva Antapurkar (2025-04-18T05:52:01.527Z)

initially I have received a score of 80 for project 2 but today im seeing on
my dashboard it is showing 0. I request you to please check the discrepancy.
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Atharva Antapurkar (2025-04-18T06:10:00.432Z)

my roll no is 23f1002558


---
### MOHIT KUMAR (2025-04-18T06:44:34.973Z)

My project 2 score is showing absent, roll num is 23f1000561.


---
### Sudhish Narayan S (2025-04-18T06:59:15.616Z)

Good Afternoon Sir.  
This is regarding project 1 and project 2.

**Project-1 Evaluation**  
Sir, For the project 1, I have written the code, uploaded in GitHub and the
dockerfile image is created and uploaded successfully.  
Sir, I already contacted regarding Project - 1, you said to check it by
replicating the test environment. I did till running the dockerfile but I
needed evaluate.py sir, which I didn‚Äôt get it. I got only 5 marks sir. Can you
please check my code once sir and verify it as I have written the code and the
dockerfile is running successfully.

**Project-2 Evaluation**  
Regarding project 2 also, I have uploaded my code in GitHub and deployed my
app in Vercel. But, I got 0 sir. Can you check my code once again and verify
it? According to the guidance given, I deployed my app through Vercel. The app
got deployed but I am getting 404 Error, even after trying any troubleshooting
method. Maybe, Vercel is in development stage.

Sir, but I wrote the code and deployed, but I got 0 marks only. Please check
it and guide me to get it corrected. Sir, due to the projects I got poor marks
on TDS. Please, I request you to re-evaluate and give me correct marks.

In anticipation of quick response  
Thank You


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-04-18T07:13:06.699Z)

Hi everyone,

I know that some of you might be feeling anxious about your scores etc. We are
currently in the process of validating your scores on all the projects, roe,
assignments, exam and bonus, so we will not be able to respond quickly to each
individual post here for the time being.

Once we validate, you will receive an email with your official scores that we
will be pushing to Operations in a single update. Along with that email you
will receive a discrepancy form where you can raise your issues. This will
give us a consolidated view of problems and fix them.

Kindly wait for the email to come to you. It will be sent sometime this
afternoon.

Kind regards,

TDS Team


---
### Aman Dhol (2025-04-18T09:07:03.475Z)

[[Image could not be described]image1366√ó768 127
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/3/c3a17067be91ce69b453d84cbcda9dec389d5abf.png
"image")

Dear Team,

this is proof that I have successfully submitted the form and the api is still
working, why am i still marked as absent? Please respond my email is
23f1002942@ds.study.iitm.ac.in


---
### Ketan Saini (2025-04-18T15:04:33.259Z)

Sir I have been marked Absent for the ROE exam, I was very much present and
got a 4 out of 10, can you please check?


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-04-18T16:01:16.883Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
Why am my I getting `GET` request to my api endpoint? It must be IITM‚Äôs http
request because I have not shared it with anyone.

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Impression:** The image appears to be a log file or console output showing
HTTP requests and responses. It indicates errors and warnings related to these
requests. The log lines have a specific format that includes the IP address
and port, the type of request, the path or resource requested, the HTTP
version, and a response code (in this case, mostly "404 Not Found"). **Key
Features:** * **Log Entries:** The main content consists of individual log
entries. Each entry usually starts with a label like "INFO:" or "WARNING:". *
**IP Addresses and Ports:** Many lines begin with an IP address and port
number separated by a colon (e.g., "123.160.223.72:54416"). This represents
the source or client initiating the request. * **HTTP Request Information:**
Following the IP address and port, there's information about the HTTP request
itself. This generally includes: * **Method:** Usually "GET", "CONNECT" or
"PRI". GET is used for retrieving data. CONNECT is often related to secure
connections (HTTPS). * **Path/Resource:** This is the part of the URL being
requested (e.g., "/", "/login", "/favicon.ico", "/squid-internal-
mgr/cachemgr.cgi"). * **HTTP Version:** (e.g., "HTTP/1.1", "HTTP/1.0",
"HTTP/2.0"). * **Response Code:** "404 Not Found" is a common error code,
indicating that the requested resource was not found on the server. * **Error
and Warning Messages:** The log file includes entries marked as "WARNING:
Invalid HTTP request received." These indicate that the server encountered
HTTP requests that it couldn't process properly, likely due to malformed
syntax or other issues. **Specific Observations:** * **Common Requests:** *
Many "GET / HTTP/1.1" requests are failing. This suggests attempts to access
the root directory of a website. * Requests for "favicon.ico" are also common
and often result in 404 errors. * Some requests target a "squid-internal-
mgr/cachemgr.cgi" script, which likely relates to a Squid proxy server's
management interface. * Some requests use the "PRI" method with HTTP/2.0. *
One line shows a "CONNECT" request to "www.shadowserver.org%3A443".
Shadowserver is an organization that provides network security intelligence,
so this could be related to security scanning. * **Encoding:** The string
"http%3A//api.ipify.org/?format=json" uses URL encoding where "%3A" represents
a colon. * **Error Patterns:** The prevalence of "404 Not Found" errors and
"Invalid HTTP request received" warnings suggests potential misconfiguration,
invalid requests, or attempts to access resources that don't exist. In
summary, this image shows a log file that captures HTTP requests, highlighting
numerous "404 Not Found" errors and "Invalid HTTP request" warnings,
indicating potential problems with the server or the requests being made to
it. ]image804√ó1035 206 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/9/e9a461b563e8ed65b91515d22c9999413e33b6f5.png
"image")

It clearly written in the project 2 in TDS portal that api must accept `POST`
request, not `GET`.

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a text-based explanation and an example code snippet demonstrating how
to interact with an API endpoint. **Textual Content:** * The text explains
that an application has an API endpoint located at `https://your-
app.vercel.app/api/`. * The endpoint accepts `POST` requests. * It can handle
questions and optional file attachments as `multipart/form-data`. * It
provides an example of how to make a request. **Code Snippet (Bash):** The
code snippet is a `curl` command, used to send a POST request to the API
endpoint. * `curl -X POST "https://your-app.vercel.app/api/" \\`: This line
initiates a curl command, specifying that it is a POST request sent to the API
endpoint. The backslash indicates a line continuation. * `-H "Content-Type:
multipart/form-data" \\`: This sets the Content-Type header to
`multipart/form-data`, which is required for sending files and other data in a
single request. The backslash indicates a line continuation. * `-F
"question=Download and unzip file abcd.zip which has a single extract.csv file
inside. What is t"`: This line sends a form field named "question" with a text
value describing the request: "Download and unzip file abcd.zip which has a
single extract.csv file inside. What is t". * `-F "file=@abcd.zip"`: This line
sends a file named "abcd.zip" along with the request. The `@` symbol indicates
that it will read the file from the filesystem. In essence, the `curl` command
simulates sending a request that includes a question and a file (`abcd.zip`)
to the specified API endpoint using the `multipart/form-data` format.
]image1065√ó440 42.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/1/c1a8cba5ed8456711a70a4e5e5618fda747683fb.png
"image")

It is requested to kindly look into this matter and please clarify.


---
### Yashvardhan (2025-04-18T17:45:30.926Z)

when we get log files for project 2


---
### Kartikay Taunk (2025-04-19T08:52:15.365Z)

I had completed project 2 but because of a mistake i filled the form with my
personal mail id fue to which the project eas not evaluated i fully consider
this to be my fault and assure that something like this will not happen in the
future .

If my evaluation of project 2 is not done then i will fail the tds course and
will have to repeat this course which will cause a financial strain on me

I know that it is difficult for you to consider this request but it is my
humblest request if you can just look through the project i tried to complete
the project with the best of my abilities

It will be really helpful if you can access the project  
My git repository link is - GitHub - kartikayy1/project2final

My vercel link is - <https://project2final-beta.vercel.app/>


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-04-19T08:59:31.155Z)

I am also receiving the odd GET requests, however, I don‚Äôt believe these are
being sent by the evaluation teams. Our endpoints are open to internet and
there are bots everywhere which will send these kind of random requests to
scan for potential exploit/hacking targets.


---
### Shreyansh  (2025-04-19T11:40:19.643Z)

Good Evening, I shreyansh Singh have been marked absent even though I
submitted, 23f2002745


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-04-19T12:01:32.012Z)

Maybe. Still clarification from [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini) will be highly appreciated.


---
### Pradeep Mondal (2025-04-19T15:49:21.915Z)

I too was getting these requests.

[@carlton](/u/carlton) sir mentioned this in one of the posts:

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Impression:** The image is a close-up headshot of a man. It appears
to be a photo taken indoors, likely in a well-lit environment. **Subject:** *
**Gender:** Male * **Age:** He appears to be in his late 20s to mid-30s. *
**Facial Features:** He has a fair skin tone. His face is clean-shaven. He has
short dark hair that is neatly styled and light stubble. * **Eyes:** He is
wearing glasses with thin, dark frames. * **Expression:** He is looking
slightly towards the right of the frame and has a small, pleasant smile.
**Clothing:** * He is wearing a collared shirt. The shirt appears to be a dark
purplish-blue color. **Background:** * The background is a solid color,
appearing to be a soft yellow or off-white tone. It's likely a wall. **Overall
Observations:** * The lighting is fairly even, with no harsh shadows. * The
image has a clean, professional feel. * The focus is sharp on the man's face.]
[Project 2 - TDS Solver - Discussion
Thread](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-tds-solver-
discussion-thread/169029/367) [Tools in Data Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> They are malicious probes. A global cyber war is going on. So anything that
> can be compromised is being probed.


---
### Shreyan Chaubey (2025-04-20T11:27:27.665Z)

Just recieved this on my mail. Happy that everything worked out pretty well
w/o the need for hardcoding. I‚Äôm guessing GA1-q18 bugged out because of escape
sequences in the codeblock :joy: That‚Äôs LLMs for you!

Can‚Äôt expect 100% reliability, even at 0 temperature.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Structure:** * The image shows a file with the name
"22f3001642.json" * It appears to be a JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) file.
JSON is a standard text-based format for representing structured data. * The
JSON data seems to be an array (indicated by the square brackets `[]`)
containing multiple objects. **JSON Data Analysis:** Each object in the array
contains information about a test case. The primary keys present are: *
`"test_code"`: This likely represents a unique identifier for a specific test.
Examples are "GA1_q18", "GA2_q3", "GA3_q2", "GA4_q6", and "GA5_q7". *
`"status"`: This indicates the result of the test. It can be either "ERROR" or
"PASSED". * `"error"`: This key is only present when the "status" is "ERROR".
It contains a description of the error that occurred. In the first entry where
the status is "ERROR", the error message indicates a syntax error near a SQL
query. **SQL Query Embedded in the Error:** The error message for the first
test case ("GA1_q18") includes a potentially embedded SQL query (likely within
backticks `...`). It appears to be: ```sql SELECT SUM(units * price) AS
total_sales FROM tickets WHERE LOWER(type) = 'gold'; ``` This SQL query is
designed to calculate the total sales from a table named "tickets," where the
type of ticket is "gold" (case-insensitively). **Notable Observations:** * Not
all test cases have the "error" key. This is expected since only failed tests
("status": "ERROR") would need to provide an error message. * The JSON
formatting isn't perfectly consistent in the presented image. There's a
missing opening curly brace for the GA3_q2 object which is likely a formatting
error in the display or during the OCR process. * The image is a screen
capture, likely from a code editor or viewer. **In summary, the image displays
a JSON file containing test results. Each test case has a test code and a
status (PASS/FAIL). Failed tests also include a description of the error,
which, in at least one case, contains a SQL query that might be related to the
cause of the error.** ]10000405551080√ó1387 193 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/5/159a529cbb1380c77e2f446a56709c2f2c0f484f.jpeg
"1000040555")


---
### Vinil (2025-04-20T13:00:23.420Z)

I have received the test result of Project 2 todat afternoon, it is showing GA
2 question 2 has failed but my answer is a hardcoded url
(‚Äú<https://23f2004837.github.io/>‚Äù) from the code. This url is accessible and
again tested of the GA platform for the same question and it is working as
expected

Code:  

[[Image could not be described]image1712√ó1290 285
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/c/dcb0ef9bdea43b2b852aa586c8c7230a70e783f0.png
"image")

url result:  

[[Image could not be described]image898√ó398 28.9
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/1/51eb6aa84b57bc9d3cfc1e19f341e86c85452318.png
"image")

html elements:  

[[Image could not be described]image1230√ó422 40.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/2/42a64456808f873555ff4de31837f03230d11cc7.png
"image")

GA portal:  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
the text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Layout:** * The image
shows a screenshot that combines a web interface and browser developer tools.
The top portion contains what appears to be a quiz or interactive learning
interface, while the bottom portion shows the "Sources" tab of the Chrome
developer tools. **Web Interface (Top Portion):** * **Question:** "What is the
GitHub Pages URL? It might look like: https://\\[USER].github.io/\\[REPO]/" *
This indicates the user is being asked to input a GitHub Pages URL. The
example URL provides a basic structure for the user to follow. * **Input
Field:** Below the question, there's an input field. The value in the input
field is: "https://23f2004837.github.io/" * **Status Message:** The word
"Checking..." appears below the input field, suggesting the system is
validating or processing the entered URL. * **Cache Busting Tip:** "If a
recent change that's not reflected, add ?v=1, ?v=2 to the URL to bust the
cache." This advises users on how to force the browser to reload the content
if they are not seeing the latest version of the webpage. * **Refresh/Retry
Button:** A circular arrow icon (refresh symbol) is present, likely for
refreshing the input or attempting the task again. **Chrome Developer Tools
(Bottom Portion):** * **Tabs:** The developer tools are showing the "Sources"
tab, which displays the code files related to the webpage. * **File
Explorer:** On the left, there's a file explorer panel showing the website
structure. Files listed include: * exam.sanand.workers.dev * exam-
tds-2025-01-ga2 * exam-tds-2025-01-ga2.info.js * exam-tds-2025-01-ga2.js *
**Code Editor:** The main area of the developer tools displays code. Based on
the file names and the highlighted line, the user is viewing `exam-
tds-2025-01-ga2.js`. * **Code Snippets:** Several snippets of JavaScript code
are visible. Some key parts of the code include: * `y = await $(f)`: Likely a
function call where the result is awaited and assigned to variable `y`. * `f =
"https://23f2004837.github.io/"` : Defines the URL that is being validated. *
`R_ = R = "Incorrect. Try again."` : An error message shown when the input is
not correct. * `y = true`: This confirms that `y` is true if the URL is
considered correct. * `return d[e] = y ? r[e].weight : 0;`: Returns a weighted
value for correctness based on the value of `y`. **Interpretation:** The image
shows a student/user attempting to provide a GitHub Pages URL. The provided
URL ("https://23f2004837.github.io/") is being checked by the system
(indicated by "Checking..."). The code in the developer tools reveals the URL
is likely hardcoded for validation purposes. The code suggests a test whether
the URL matches `https://23f2004837.github.io/`. If not, an "Incorrect"
message will appear. ]image2432√ó846 224 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/7/77d9640fb9b880c88e9a584b9ede792c689fbe11.png
"image")

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall:** The
image is a screenshot of a question and answer related to GitHub Pages URLs.
The question asks for the GitHub Pages URL, and a sample format is provided.
Below that, is a text box containing a proposed URL, followed by the label
"Correct". **Key Textual Elements:** * **Question:** "What is the GitHub Pages
URL? It might look like: https://[USER].github.io/[REPO]/" * **Answer (in text
box):** "https://23f2004837.github.io/" * **Validation:** "Correct" **Visual
Elements:** * The question is in a larger font size than the answer and
validation. * The answer is contained within a text box (a rectangle with
rounded corners, likely an input field). * The "Correct" label is in green
text, indicating that the provided URL is considered correct. **Inference:**
The image suggests that a valid GitHub Pages URL can take the form of
`https://[USER].github.io/` where `[USER]` is the GitHub username.
Alternatively, it can take the form of `https://<random-string>.github.io`,
where <random-string> is a random sequence of alphanumeric characters. The
provided URL `https://23f2004837.github.io/` is deemed correct. This format
might be used in certain situations, like automatically generated URLs for
certain features or deployments.]image1286√ó228 19.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/7/4785d546f9503ff0afe19412b56481c7aa53398b.png
"image")

Please let me know what can I do get the evaluation logs.

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)
[@jkmadathil](/u/jkmadathil)


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-04-20T13:09:43.983Z)

What‚Äôs the error in the log? It‚Äôs GA2 Question 3. I can see u haven‚Äôt wrapped
your email address inside `<!--email_off-->` tag.


---
### PREMDEEP MAITI (2025-04-20T13:12:23.829Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
I have posted my Project 2 Discrepency here [Urgent Attn Needed: Project 2
Discrepency for GA2_q3 and
GA1_q18](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/urgent-attn-needed-
project-2-discrepency-for-ga2-q3-and-ga1-q18/173113):


---
### Saini Nirmal (2025-04-20T14:37:01.504Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
I would like to bring to your attention that the project URL I submitted was
accessible and working correctly in my browser, even without the ‚Äúhttp‚Äù or
‚Äúhttps‚Äù prefix. A friend of mine submitted a similar URL and received full
marks. Furthermore, I have updated my URL using HTTPS via Google Forms, so I
kindly request you to consider evaluating my project using the latest URL
provided.

This is a humble request, as I am currently at risk of receiving a grade ‚ÄòE‚Äô,
which will significantly impact my overall CGPA. As an alternative, I am also
willing to retake the course in the next term and pay the fee again if needed.

In the P1, unfortunately scored zero due to a minor mistake and was not given
an opportunity to correct it. I truly believe that in real-life scenarios, we
are often given chances to rectify such errors, and I sincerely hope for the
same consideration here.


---
### Vicky Kumar (2025-04-25T17:08:56.564Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
**Subject:** Request to Share My Student-Built TDS Assistant Platform

Dear Sir/Madam,

I hope you‚Äôre doing well.

I‚Äôm **Vicky Kumar** , a student from the Data Science and Applications program
at **IIT Madras**. Over the last few months, I‚Äôve built a personal project
called **‚ÄúVicky App‚Äù** ‚Äî a smart assistant platform specifically designed to
help students in courses like **TDS,**.

The system is capable of:

  * Accurately solving over **90% of assignment-style questions** using regex and phonetic matching
  * Dynamically executing the right code logic based on the student‚Äôs input
  * Processing uploaded files such as Excel, PDF, CSV, and JSON
  * Delivering instant answers, completely independent of ChatGPT or any external LLM

You can test the platform here: <https://app.algsoch.tech>

* * *

### :light_bulb: What‚Äôs in it for students:

  * They type their question, and the backend executes the correct solution automatically
  * Especially helpful for GA preparation, understanding problem logic, and reducing repetitive workload
  * I‚Äôve made it **free for the first 3 questions**
  * After that, students can access the full platform for just **‚Çπ199/month** , which helps me cover system maintenance and hosting costs

* * *

### :folded_hands: My Humble Request:

This is a tool I‚Äôve built with immense effort and love for this course, and I
genuinely believe it can benefit many students.

To sustain the platform ‚Äî hosting, APIs, file management, and backend
orchestration ‚Äî I‚Äôve introduced a small paid model after a free trial.

I would be extremely grateful if you could test it once and, if you find it
helpful, consider sharing it with upcoming students or mentioning it in a
Moodle announcement.

It‚Äôs built _by an IIT Madras student, for IIT Madras students_ ‚Äî with the sole
goal of making their learning smoother, faster, and smarter.

Thank you so much for your time and support.

Warm regards,  
**Vicky Kumar**  
B.S. Data Science and Applications, IIT Madras  
:e_mail: [npdimagine@gmail.com](mailto:npdimagine@gmail.com) | :mobile_phone: +91 8383848219  
:globe_with_meridians: [Portfolio](https://sites.google.com/view/vicky-kumar/home) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/algsoch/)

It‚Äôs a tool built by a fellow IITM student, with deep respect for the academic
rigor of this program ‚Äî not to replace learning, but to accelerate it.

Please let me know if you‚Äôd like a walkthrough, or if any suggestions for
improvements arise.

Warm regards,  
**Vicky Kumar**  
B.S. Data Science and Applications, IIT Madras  
[npdimagine@gmail.com](mailto:npdimagine@gmail.com) | +91 8383848219  
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/algsoch/) | Portfolio


---
