### Nayonika Arora (2025-02-16T15:34:00.030Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
I got a mail saying my Dockerfile is missing. However I have a dockerfile
already in my github repository. Is it an issue with the spelling of
dockerfile since I have submitted it in all small case as ‘dockerfile’. It was
showing the score when I checked with the evaluate.py that was provided by
iitm.

Shall I just change the name of the file from ‘dockerfile’ to ‘Dockerfile’ in
github repository of mine or is there anything else that is needed to detect
the Dockerfile?


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-16T16:22:25.231Z)

The name of the Dockerfile should be “Dockerfile” indeed, more over check
other sections of your submission like

  * Is the GitHub repo public?
  * Does it have an MIT license?
  * Does it have a DockerFile?
  * Is the Docker image accessible?


---
### Nayonika Arora (2025-02-16T16:23:55.760Z)

Oh ok made the changes in Github. I hope submitting again is not required
since the links and names are same.


---
### Reva Lakshmy Paul (2025-02-17T07:34:13.842Z)

[Image could not be described]  
Sir, i got this mail. I have checked that the repo is public and already has a
Dockerfile.  
I have renamed the ‘LICENSE’ file as ‘MIT LICENSE’.


---
### Satvik  Sawhney (2025-02-18T08:30:13.921Z)

Sir, please consider it we have spent a lot of time, in my case just the d in
Dockerfile was small that too on remote repository. On my local repository it
was Dockerfile only I even have a published docker image as verified by you
autated script only. The name of the file on remote repository did not change
even after commit it through my local repo, once I read the mail in morning it
was only then I realised it wasn’t changed on GitHub repo.

Sir I understand the deadline has passed and I am not asking for a
resubmission, I am just asking to consider the already submitted work, just
that. It would be really helpful. I just have one commit on my repo that too
“Rename dockerfile to Dokerfile” . Sir please attest consider what we have
already submitted. I have made no changes as you can verify it too.

Sir it is a humble request to please consider it.

Warm Regards,  
Satvik Sawhney  
23f2003680

[[Image could not be described]Screenshot 2025-02-18 at 1.53.10 PM1889×467 54
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/a/1a5f2ea044383efcb5d248ddb487665e9e65957d.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-18 at 1.53.10 PM")


---
