### Andrew David (2025-02-26T15:49:28.464Z)

Whoever wants can participate and then we go into breakout rooms and each
group solves a particular question and then we all share the code so we can
complete the ROE faster and more effienctly?  
@all


---
### Manit Bohra (2025-02-26T15:55:03.430Z)

Are we allowed to do that?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-26T15:55:53.574Z)

Yeah they said you can take help anyway possible even to ask a cat also or a
pet, im not sure


---
### Manit Bohra (2025-02-26T15:56:39.829Z)

Alright, works. I am down to collaborate.


---
### Trebhuvan SB (2025-02-26T15:57:23.258Z)

Asking help is different from sharing answers in a public forum. I don’t think
they will permit this.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-26T15:58:01.998Z)

Sharing answers is asking for help


---
### Manit Bohra (2025-02-26T15:58:17.610Z)

If the ROE is like how it was for MOCK ROE1 then this probably wont work
right?  
Only for today’s ROE(mock 2) we can split the tasks efficiently and get it
done.  
Thoughts?


---
### Manit Bohra (2025-02-26T15:59:11.906Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image displays the letter "T" in a simple, clean sans-serif font. The
letter is white or a very light color, possibly with a subtle glow or blur
effect to give it a soft edge. The background is a solid, muted green color.
**Key features:** * **Letter:** "T" * **Font:** Sans-serif * **Color
(Letter):** White/Light * **Color (Background):** Green * **Style:** Clean,
simple, potentially with a slight glow effect.] trebhuvansb:

> Asking help is different from sharing answers in a public forum. I don’t
> think they will permit this.

this is valid. should we just ask them? Could u message a TA?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-26T15:59:14.516Z)

Yeah thats the idea…


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-26T15:59:28.646Z)

[Image could not be described] [What's the actual purpose of impossible ROE
exam?](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/whats-the-actual-purpose-
of-impossible-roe-exam/99838/2) [Tools in Data Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> [@ankit.jain](/u/ankit.jain) – I’m the culprit behind this RoE structure.
> Thanks for the opportunity to share my thought process. What does this RoE
> evaluate? Implicit learning. Implicit learning is “How much can they answer
> if woken up from sleep?” Explicit learning is “How much can they answer
> given time and Internet?” Some may know 10% implicitly. Some know 50%.
> They’ll answer those in a few seconds. Some, they can FIND out. with Google,
> StackOverflow, ChatGPT. That’s explicit learning. But it takes time…


---
### Trebhuvan SB (2025-02-26T16:01:28.501Z)

Their whole concept of implicit learning disappears when people start sharing
answers in a public forum.


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-26T16:03:20.750Z)

[On another topic](/t/99838/2)

> et?

read the post, its about explicit learning xD  
EDIT its implicit my bad !


---
### Trebhuvan SB (2025-02-26T16:05:01.591Z)

off topic, how do you dm people on discourse?


---
### shivam dubey (2025-02-26T16:05:14.381Z)

So, are we using this thread, or should we make a Google space or something?


---
### Andrew David (2025-02-26T16:06:06.736Z)

I created a discord

[Image could not be described] [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/vFTqFMw6)

### [Join the ACING ROE 1 Discord
Server!](https://discord.com/invite/vFTqFMw6)

Check out the ACING ROE 1 community on Discord – hang out with 1 other members
and enjoy free voice and text chat.

@all


---
