### Jayakrishnan (2021-12-22T16:02:18.724Z)

This category is created to address **subject-specific queries** related to
_Tools in Data Science_

    
    
    - Why should people use this category? What is it for?
    

The larger goal of the Discourse forum is to act as a Knowledge base for the
course. You can make this more productive by

  * Elaborating your question sufficiently and supporting it with steps that you have already tried at your end before posting this question

  * Sharing additional content or explanations related to the topic being discussed
        
        -  Are there any rules for posting in this category?
        

  * Before you create a new post, **review the existing threads** to see if there are already highly similar or identical postings. Discourse will suggest similar posts once you start typing titles

  * **Tag the post appropriately** so that it gets indexed correctly in our Knowledge Base. For instance, if your query is on an Activity Question in Week 1 then use the tags [#activity-question](/tag/activity-question), [#week-1](/tag/week-1)

  * **Provide a meaningful title to your post** that contains the topic/details of your query so that it can be searched by others easily. For instance: Do not use the titles like _“AQ1.1 Q3”_ which just gives question number alone. Instead use a more meaningful title like - _“Need help in calculating the N^{th} prime number”_

  * **Type in your question and explanations** rather than pasting images or screenshots.
        
        - What is NOT Permitted in this category?
        

  * Being argumentative or sarcastic

  * Use of abusive/strong language

  * Posting support/logistics related query

  * Unnecessarily tagging Faculty/Instructors in posts

  * Posting Solutions or discussing solutions to graded assignments
        
        - Who will be moderating the content in this forum?
        

The foum will be moderated by Course Instructors. They will have the authority
to decide whether a post violates forum rules/guidelines. You can flag/report
any such violations that you observe by clicking on :white_flag: icon on the
post. Please do mention the reason why you are flagging the topic.

    
    
      - What are the disciplinary actions if some one violates the rules and guidelines of the forum? 
    

The flagged posts that violates forum rules/guidelines will be hidden.
Repeated violation of the rules can result in the offender being removal from
the forum.


---
### Chandan kumar (2021-12-28T08:21:52.991Z)

Can some course instructor talk more about the Discover the problem statement
?


---
### Chandan kumar (2021-12-28T08:26:03.025Z)

From the graded assignment we can’t understand what is right way to think
unless we make trial and error. can we have some practice assignment to
understand our thinking process is properly aligned or not. With just GA it
would be difficult to assess.


---
### Anand Iyer (2021-12-29T05:02:34.696Z)

Apart from what [@CKPIITM](/u/ckpiitm) observed about this course, here’s my
first impression of this course…Granted, it has been only a week, but I think
I must go ahead anyway…

The week-1 clearly shows a lack of planning, from the program as well as the
specific course perspective. It starts off with an example that completely
caught me off-guard. The first video discussed an example that left me
wondering why is the instructor even discussing all of that, at this point.
What’s the context and the motivation? Moreover, every slide is filled to the
brim with text. Can’t decide whether to read it or listen to the speaker.
Neither does give me much understanding anyway. It was filled with terminology
that I’m yet to pick up. The speaker didn’t apparently know much about who the
audience is, and what are they aware of, and what they aren’t…In short, it
failed to implement any of the very matter it speaks of - Understanding the
problem.

Summary. I feel the course is offered too early. Rather, I took it a little
too early.  
Definitely, I can’t relate to most things the speaker is talking about. At
least, I don’t see how and where the ideas will gel with our program. I’m sure
it does, but now, I don’t know how.

Sorry, I’d never been as critical about anything as this one. I just had to.
I’m willing to hear different opinions.

I’m awaiting the announcement from IIT for the course drop.


---
### Chandan kumar (2021-12-29T05:15:24.513Z)

I am totally clue less about the expectation of instructor from the
participants of this course. And the question of graded assignment was
something, I found myself out of context. I know I can pass any course but I
don’t just wanna pass without any concrete learning. The real problem this
time is not TIME.

Hopefully courses instructor will guide us through this conundrum.


---
### Netra (2021-12-29T09:22:55.203Z)

I feel like we need an introduction video of some kind for this. Or it should
have been suggested only to those who have completed all the ML courses. From
the offset, there are people who don’t know what modelling is, the different
kinds of models etc. but there is no explanation for all this. Granted, it was
mentioned in the orientation that it would only be tools with no explanation.

But I am hopeful that this will get better in the later weeks as this is the
only “comprehension” type of week (reminiscent of the english courses lol).
The other weeks will all involve practical approach and coding. As long as
adequate time is spent on introducing each new thing, I think it should be
okay.


---
### Anand Iyer (2021-12-29T09:26:54.026Z)

As of now, I’m set on my mind to drop the course, unless something hopeful
turns up next week. Will continue after all other ML courses are done…


---
### Neelotpala (2021-12-29T09:36:43.765Z)

Some sort of introduction would have been better instead of just diving into
the topic. Nevertheless, I hope we get practice questions/assignment to
comprehend the concepts.  
In the meantime if anyone gets some sort of resources to practice elsewhere,
do share.


---
### Priya Elizabeth Raju (2021-12-29T11:08:55.484Z)

Adding to the discussion here, I’d also have to say it’s quite the same
feeling for me. I got lost while going through the videos. At first, I thought
it’s some issue with me, because of which, the video is making less meaning.
Seems like, many have the same issues. As told by many here, I would also
emphasize the need for more practice questions.


---
### Chandan kumar (2021-12-29T11:23:22.206Z)

Participants of this course should express their experience so that a more
meaningful content can be created and provided to us as supplementary. From
lec video it is clear that the recording were made around july so they had
around half an year time to work on it.

The other problem is, there is no visible resource to get our hands on
experience.


---
### Aaysha Mishra (2021-12-29T11:59:18.445Z)

I also feel the same. but I think with further weeks the course will become
more interesting.


---
### Somasekhar Eruvuri (2021-12-29T13:26:14.320Z)

As my peers said i also feels the same way but i don’t have thought of
dropping course rather i wanted some more content to add from IITM side to
make the students more comfortable in this journey.


---
### Anand Iyer (2021-12-29T14:32:59.028Z)

well, my choice of dropping might be wrong…but, guided by the following
factors.

  * The recording was perhaps done much earlier as [@CKPIITM](/u/ckpiitm) pointed out in his reply, and so chances are most of it would’ve been already recorded. So, lesser chances to re-record them.

  * There are no live sessions planned yet for this course… the absence of enough sessions (especially given that it’s a 2-credit course) will worsen the situation.

  * Finally, I feel I might be able to better appreciate the technicalities and jargon if I finish all other ML courses before taking this up.


---
### Chandan kumar (2021-12-29T14:35:50.271Z)

Imagine if your reason doesn’t get resolved even after all ML courses are over
then in that case you will underutilize your time. So I would suggest don’t
think of dropping, it is just a course and we just need to pass it and
leverage this knowledge to search for better resources and learning material.  
[@Anand](/u/anand)


---
### Anand Iyer (2021-12-29T14:39:21.959Z)

[Image could not be described] CKPIITM:

> I know I can pass any course but I don’t just wanna pass without any
> concrete learning.

wasn’t it you who wrote this earlier :grin: :zipper_mouth_face:


---
### Chandan kumar (2021-12-29T14:42:08.807Z)

But this will not lead me to dropping either. I always find ways to learn.
:grinning: I start with expectation and then start my own search for
knowledge.


---
### Akruti Joshi (2021-12-29T15:01:25.762Z)

I certainly differ from the point of view of the conversation going on in this
thread.  
In my opinion, I am thinking this first week of content as to understand how
the problems or objective come from a company which needs these models to
implemented. It is more of a professional view rather than a student view. We
need to first understand the problem and then start the solution rather than
just jumping on to modelling each question.


---
### Anand Kumar (2021-12-29T19:10:20.130Z)

I also found 1st week content engaging and practical. Maybe I will get few
questions wrong,but I feel the concept of discovering the problem was well
introduced.


---
### Rohit Kumar (2021-12-29T20:16:52.394Z)

I too find content of week 1 engaging and practical. I agree with
[@anand095](/u/anand095) and [@akruti](/u/akruti).


---
### Anand Iyer (2021-12-30T01:23:23.488Z)

Interesting! Just this morning, during my morning walk I was thinking how each
of us is different in our outlook, our potential, how we realize it, how we’re
challenged…and the recent posts show that we indeed are different! It’s
important that none of us stay put on what works for us and what we think is
right, but be willing to see the other point of view too…

I think I’m starting to understand the other points of view…well I’m trying to
:slightly_smiling_face:


---
### Chandan kumar (2021-12-30T02:12:18.139Z)

I absolutely see no problem when others find it really engaging, infact they
are the bunch of lucky candidate and probably they can help us too in better
understanding of some of the confusion which came along with questions.

Plz start pouring your understanding of lecture here in brief, Let’s help each
other.


---
### sumit kumr (2022-01-02T14:36:21.334Z)

FROM WHERE we can download the PDF or document of the course


---
### Mahesh Balan U (2022-01-03T06:10:01.932Z)

Hey guys, thank you everyone for voicing out your opinions and perspective in
a healthy manner. I really appreciate it. I understand it might start to sound
like greek and latin for some of you, but we intentionally made the decision
to have ML foundations as co-requisite. Because you can learn the theory and
try to visit back and connect with the practice (tools) part. Some pointers
which could be helpful for all of you having different perspectives (both
positive and negative) -

  1. What is the benefit of this course? - passing this course would definitely make you industry ready. And Anand S, who himself is a very accomplished Data Scientist wanted to give the real flavour of how you would be working in Industry (no spoon-feeding, but giving you directions). Most examinations will be open book, open internet or take home.

  2. We will share all the resources (codes, excel, etc.). You can download those supplementary materials from the drive link in course contents page.

  3. There will be youtube live sessions every week and the calendar will be shared soon. Please used these live sessions if you need more help or guidance.

  4. All the instructors in this course are well accomplished data scientists working in industry and most of them also teach in different IITs/IIMs as faculty. So my humble request is to give them all a bit of respect as some of you are bluntly rude.

Definitely this course will be different from other courses because this is
going to be an applied course and the idea is to make you know the different
quantum of things we could do in data science. I do not think you would be
Industry ready unless you get comfortable with this course honestly. Because
this is the reality, this is how things are going to be once you interview for
or get onboarded as DS.

The materials and case studies are so meticulously curated just for the
purpose this course in the past 8 months. They are so valuable and try to
explore use the help of live sessions to get your issues sorted out.

Use the Youtube live sessions to the fullest those whoever need more help with
this course. We would be more than happy to help. Let’s respect each other and
that’s a fair expectation I guess. Thanks!


---
### Aditya Khanna (2022-01-03T13:30:30.007Z)

Good evening [@maheshbalan](/u/maheshbalan)

Points 2 and 3 in your message will be useful and I look forward to these.

I have separately raised another query that some of the tools being used are
Gramener products. Would you kindly assist in letting us know how we can get
access to the products so that we can start playing around with them?

regards


---
### Mahesh Balan U (2022-01-03T17:35:30.825Z)

Thank you for raising this, we will talk to the course faculty and request for
access. Thanks


---
### Anand Iyer (2022-01-12T04:42:47.603Z)

Well, here’s an admission…I stand corrected on my opinion about the TDS
course.

with each day watching and learning from the course, I’m absolutely excited to
see the content! It’s presented so well, so well, that I can vouch that I’ve
never seen anything like this before…

I was totally wrong and wanted to let everyone here know how perspectives can
change in a matter of just 2 weeks.

Having said all this, I still believe the first video in this course was
misplaced, and that was perhaps a very bad decision by the editors…not the
course team. If my blunt comments hurt anyone, which I’m sure it did, I
apologize :pray: [@maheshbalan](/u/maheshbalan)


---
### Mahesh Balan U (2022-01-12T05:11:46.195Z)

Hi Anand, thank you for your positive feedback. We have to admit that some of
the concerns raised by the students here helped us restructure things
efficiently. Thanks for letting us know and please continue to raise concerns
if you have any going forward, It will help us fine tune this course further.

Thanks,  
Mahesh


---
### Chandan kumar (2022-01-12T14:41:25.111Z)

As things will get structured, and the motive gets clearer to participant of
this course, opinion will change, The video introduction was indeed exciting,
but we as participant, who also want to score in assignment and all try to map
content with ability to solve the questions and then internally rate as
sufficient or insufficient, it is not about how exciting it was rather how
helpful it was to score better. We don’t know how industry will judge at
first, with marks, excitement, ability to learn new things and many other
parameters, so when we watch video we expect it to moving around questions
being asked.

It is like we `overfit ourselves to video content`, but `underfit the
assignment content`. So some `regularisations`, you as a team have to add to
make it just `right fit`.

Whether it’s [@Anand](/u/anand) or people like me, who themselves are teachers
for more than a decade, can see the gap more profound than others and are
vocal at the same time.

Trust us we are the one who reverses our opinions if things are started to get
fine tuned without any hesitation or apprehension.

And surely, we are not doubting the intent of IITM, they are for sure
imparting best of knowledge to mere mortals like us. We are just fortunate in
many ways and thankful to IITM.

Take our responses just as feedback. And make this course truly world class.
:slight_smile:


---
### Bidisha Das (2022-06-07T14:34:12.493Z)

Hi, can anyone explain how to calculate regression problem using excel


---
### Anand Iyer (2022-06-07T14:40:38.509Z)

[@bidisha143](/u/bidisha143) , please make a separate post on this; this
thread is not a fit for your query.


---
### Chandan kumar (2022-06-07T14:43:03.987Z)

You have to install DataToolPk plug-in from option settings. Then go to Data
ribbon of excel from there click data analysis. Find regression click and
select data range from excel and you are done.


---
### Bidisha Das (2022-06-07T14:47:46.173Z)

Yes i enabled that…but the problem comes after that…  
In the sum , they have given only one input /independent variable. Like the
sum was to find the ration between to currencies how to get the calculation
for only one independent variable?


---
### Chandan kumar (2022-06-07T15:26:15.534Z)

Use correlation table instead of regression. Use correl function. In case it
ask for two range give the same range twice. [@bidisha143](/u/bidisha143)


---
### Bidisha Das (2022-06-07T16:03:07.851Z)

Okay giving same range twice might resolve the issue. Thank you.


---
### Chandan kumar (2022-06-07T16:04:03.876Z)

If it solves the issue plz mark as solution. It helps other learners.


---
### KVK (2022-06-25T16:24:49.055Z)

How to check the answers


---
### Ansh Dev (2022-07-15T14:37:48.639Z)

In the orientation it was clearly stated that is no end term eligibility for
this course and in the graded document it is stated that 5/8 and because of
this i havent submitted earlier week assignments and now it is stated that
only starting 5 are considered now i am ineligible for end term  
please help me out in this  
given that i have attempted and scored well in ROE and also submitted both the
projects


---
### Harshini Natraj (2022-07-27T02:28:05.584Z)

[@maheshbalan](/u/maheshbalan)  
Suggestion : **MLP** should be made a corequisite for this course.

Why do I say this?  
I took “Tools in Data Science” course last term. And I found it very hard to
follow a lot of concepts. But now (I’ve taken MLP course for this term), I’m
able to appreciate and understand the content better. Because now I have a
basic understanding of different Machine Learning Models and I know where to
apply what.

For example in TDS course week 5, we were taught about Pycaret, KMeans
clustering and image classification. A lot of it went above my head because I
didn’t know what RandomForestClassifier, LogisticRegression or KMeans
Classifier was.

I wish I had taken TDS after completing all ML courses. It would have helped
me to understand a lot of DS tools better.


---
### Vidya P (2024-05-07T08:41:19.475Z)

Sir

I attended End Term Exam on 28 April 2024 in TDS.

I got WA grade in TDS even though I attended for End Term Exam. Could you
clarify this for me?

Please download Screen Shot below

Sincerely

//Student//  
Uploading: Screenshot_2024-05-07-08-27-18-567_com.android.chrome.jpg…  
[21f1004796@ds.study.iitm.ac.in](mailto:21f1004796@ds.study.iitm.ac.in)


---
### Harsh Shah (2025-01-24T03:24:50.039Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) I was trying to view a session, but since youtube is
very distracting I tried to embed it on a site, but it throws this error

[[Image could not be described]image2852×1564 131
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/4/1481f151f4dec3e7c8436f69bfcdbefd04698747.png
"image")

  
[Website Where I am embedding](https://harsh-0986.github.io/yt-embedder/)  
[Video I am trying to watch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1H5Aq7HjqwQ)

If possible, please fix this since the youtube as a platform is distracting
and has many ads, even though the channel is not monitized.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-27T03:19:18.422Z)

[@23f2003845](/u/23f2003845)

I will have to get authorisation from the operations to allow embedding you
tube videos. This was a deliberate choice as the content is strictly speaking
owned by IITM. Embeddings may allow others to monetise content without the
appropriate permissions.

I will enquire on your behalf. I accept that not every channel follows the
directives properly, so you might find it possible to embed other channel
videos from IITM, but I can only go by the agreed upon protocols.

I know that’s not much comfort, but if its possible, I will amend the
permissions.

Kind regards


---
### Harsh Shah (2025-01-27T03:26:06.151Z)

I purely understand that the content solely belongs to IITM and I truly adhere
to it.

[Image could not be described] carlton:

> Embeddings may allow others to monetise content without the appropriate
> permissions.

I can’t personally think of any way one can do this, but it’s completely upto
to the operations team.

I ask for this permission as youtube can be quite distracting and getting rid
of advertisements either require an adblocker that cause some trouble once in
2 weeks, even though they don’t turn of recommendations and hence the
procrastination. Embedding is another way which can stop the recommendations
and the advertisements.

Hope to hear soon,  
Regards


---
