### Anand S (2025-01-03T07:12:14.469Z)

Please post any questions related to [Graded Assignment 2 - Deployment
Tools](https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga2).

* * *

## Important Instruction

Please use markdown code formatting (fenced code blocks) when sharing code in Discourse posts. This makes the code much easier to read and differentiate from non-code text. It also makes it easier for people to copy code snippets and run it themselves. Visit this link for more details: [Extended Syntax | Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#fenced-code-blocks).

A friendly suggestion: kindly go through [Discourse Docs](/c/docs-
discourse/45)! [Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image:
**Content:** The image shows a classic smiley face emoji. **Features:** *
**Shape:** It's a round, yellow circle. * **Eyes:** It has two small, solid
black, oval-shaped eyes. * **Mouth:** It features a simple, curved black line
representing a smile. This indicates a positive or happy emotion. * **Color:**
The primary color is yellow, which is commonly associated with happiness,
warmth, and optimism. * **Background:** The background is a solid black color,
making the yellow face stand out prominently. **Overall Impression:** The
image is a simple and clear representation of a basic happy emoji, intended to
convey positive feelings.]

* * *

Deadline: Sunday, February 2, 2025 6:29 PM

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-08T03:10:51.093Z)




---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-01-12T17:08:02.850Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Layout** The image depicts a web interface, likely a form or a
learning platform. It shows a question with a response area and an error
message. **Text Content** The image includes the following text: *
**Question:** "What is the GitHub Pages URL? It might look like:
https://[USER].github.io/[REPO]/" * **Error Message:** "Error:
22f3001315@ds.study.iitm.ac.in is not in the response: <!DOCTYPE html> <html
lang="en"> <head> <meta charset="UTF-8"> <meta name="viewport"
content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"> <title>Dolphin Facts</title>
<style> body {font-family: Arial, sans-serif; background-color: #e0f7fa;
color: #333; text-align:" **Objects/Features** * **Input Field:** A
rectangular box with rounded corners, likely an input field where the user is
expected to type the GitHub Pages URL. There's an icon indicating a problem,
which corroborates the error message. * **Formatting of the Error Message:**
The error message starts with a specific identifier ("Error:
22f3001315@ds.study.iitm.ac.in is not in the response:") and then includes
what appears to be the HTML source code received instead of the expected URL.
**Interpretation** The image shows that the user has attempted to input a
value in response to the question, but the system has flagged it as an error.
The error message indicates that the system expected a GitHub Pages URL but
instead received HTML content, specifically, the HTML source code for a
webpage titled "Dolphin Facts". It seems the system may have made a request to
the URL provided by the user but got a web page instead of what it expected
(perhaps the system was expecting an API response?). The email address is what
the response must contain. ]Screenshot 2025-01-12 2236301727×195 27.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/2/f2485af8a009f815219a3df4bbdf15db1322608e.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-12 223630")

  
i have included the email address still its giving error


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-01-12T17:12:33.282Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Overall:**
The image appears to be a screenshot from a user interface, likely a web
application or development tool related to Vercel. It's displaying a prompt
for a Vercel URL and an error message. **Textual Elements:** * **Prompt:**
"What is the Vercel URL? It should look like: https://your-app.vercel.app/api"
This indicates the user is being asked to provide the URL of a Vercel
deployment. * **Input Field:** The input field contains the URL
"https://markdarshan.vercel.app/api" This is the user-provided URL. * **Error
Message:** "TypeError: Failed to fetch" This suggests that the application
tried to access the entered URL but encountered an error. The error is a
"TypeError" and specifically mentions a failure to "fetch", which is a common
web API for making HTTP requests. **Visual Features:** * **Input Field:** A
text input field where the user has entered the URL. * **Dark Theme:** The UI
uses a dark color theme. **Interpretation:** The image shows a scenario where
a user is providing a Vercel URL to the application. However, the application
is unable to successfully access the URL, resulting in a "Failed to fetch"
error. This could be due to various reasons, such as: * The Vercel deployment
at "https://markdarshan.vercel.app/api" not being live or having issues. *
Network connectivity problems on the user's or the application's end. * CORS
(Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) issues if the application is trying to access
the Vercel deployment from a different origin. * The specified route ("/api")
not existing in the Vercel deployment. In short, the image shows an interface
asking for a Vercel URL and an error occurring when the application attempts
to use that URL. ]Screenshot 2025-01-12 2239561674×158 12.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/f/ef0c6289076549898612976667c10de3886cc953.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-12 223956")

  
that website is working fine . just write the parameters after /api


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-12T21:38:16.588Z)

Hi Guddu,

Can you share your GitHub repo. For GitHub pages question.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-12T21:39:45.792Z)

Check your browser console most probably CORS is causing problem.

Try adding CORS to your code it might work.

Kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-01-13T04:10:58.317Z)

[github.com](https://github.com/gkmfrombs/dolfacts)

[Image description: The image shows a GitHub repository interface. Here's a
detailed breakdown: * **Text:** * "gkmfrombs/dolfacts": This indicates the
repository's owner/organization ("gkmfrombs") and the repository's name
("dolfacts"). * "1 Contributor": Shows that there is one contributor to the
repository. * "0 Issues": Indicates that there are currently no open issues
reported for the repository. * "0 Stars": Shows that the repository has
received no "star" ratings from users. * "0 Forks": Indicates that the
repository has not been forked (copied) by other users. * **Icons:** * There
is a green square graphic to the right of the repository name. * Icons for
contributors, issues, stars, and forks are present next to their corresponding
numerical values. * The GitHub logo (a cat silhouette) is in the bottom right
corner. * **Color:** * The primary colors appear to be white, grey, and green,
with an orange bar at the bottom. In summary, the image presents information
about a GitHub repository named "dolfacts" owned by "gkmfrombs," showing its
contributor count, issue status, star count, and fork count.]

### [GitHub - gkmfrombs/dolfacts](https://github.com/gkmfrombs/dolfacts)

Contribute to gkmfrombs/dolfacts development by creating an account on GitHub.

I have added email in body two times in different ways.


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-13T20:23:32.007Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
its key elements: **Overall Layout and Context:** * The image captures a macOS
desktop environment. It shows two terminal windows running concurrently along
with a web application that seems to be running using Uvicorn. * The primary
content is related to a Python FastAPI application, likely for data retrieval.
**1. Terminal Windows (Two Open):** * **Left Window:** This window displays
the Python code in a file named `main.py`. It's likely the source code for a
FastAPI application. * The code includes imports for `fastapi`, `CORS`,
`List`, `Optional`, and `csv`. * A FastAPI `app` instance is created. * CORS
(Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) middleware is configured to allow requests
from any origin. * The code reads student data from a CSV file named
`q-fastapi.csv`. * A `get_students` function is defined as an API endpoint
using `@app.get("/api")`. This function optionally accepts a list of classes
as a query parameter (`class_`). It retrieves student data, filters it based
on the requested classes (if provided), and returns the data as a JSON
response. * Finally, the code runs the Uvicorn server using `uvicorn.run`. *
**Right Window:** This window displays the output of running the `uvicorn`
command. It shows: * Package installation/verification messages. * Information
about Uvicorn starting up and watching for changes in the directory. * It
prints the URL where the application is running (`http://127.0.0.1:8000`). *
Logs of HTTP requests to the server and their corresponding status codes.
Specifically: * `OPTIONS` requests (likely for CORS preflight). * `GET`
requests to `/api`. * A `GET` request resulting in a "404 Not Found" error *
Several `200 OK` responses, indicating successful requests to the `/api`
endpoint, with/without a `class` query parameter **2. Web Application (API
Interaction):** * A user interface is open displaying: `API application using
Uvicorn`. * There are options such as Verify, Upload and Image * There is a
field for a user agent. * The text states `You should see output indicating
that Uvicorn is...` **Key Code Details (from `main.py`):** * **Data Loading:**
The code reads data from the `q-fastapi.csv` file and creates a list of
student dictionaries. * **API Endpoint:** The `/api` endpoint handles requests
to retrieve student data. * **Filtering:** The `get_students` function allows
filtering students based on class using a query parameter `class_`. *
**Debugging:** The code includes `print` statements for debugging, showing the
requested and filtered classes. In summary, this image illustrates the
development and running of a FastAPI application, specifically an API that
retrieves and potentially filters student data from a CSV file. It shows the
code, the Uvicorn server running, and a basic web interface likely used for
testing/interacting with the API. ]Screenshot 2025-01-14 at 1.39.39 AM1440×900
154 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/4/243cab0b6d8a65099dfe8b13b242dd816a4f3205.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-01-14 at 1.39.39 AM")

  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) can you please tell me what is wrong in this because I
am getting “Error: Response undefined does not match expected” to my answer


---
### Telvin Varghese (2025-01-14T08:16:40.821Z)

Facing Issue in GA 2 Question 10 LLM ngrok  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Layout:** * The image appears to be a screenshot of a web page, likely an
error page or a status page from ngrok. **Header/Navigation:** * There's a
progress-style indicator bar at the top showing stages: "Internet," "ngrok
Edge," "ngrok Agent," and "Your Service." * "Your Service" has a red "X" icon,
suggesting it's the point where a problem occurred. **Error Message Box:** * A
prominent red-bordered box displays the error message "ERR_NGROK_8012." * The
core message states: "Traffic was successfully tunneled to the ngrok agent,
but the agent failed to establish a connection to the upstream web service at
http://localhost:8080." * A more technical error detail is shown as: "dial tcp
127.0.0.1:8080: connect: connection refused" * A link is available: "Get help
with this error" **Developer Information:** * A section titled "If you're the
developer of this page" gives troubleshooting advice: * Ensure a web service
is running on `http://localhost:8080` on the machine where the ngrok agent is
running. * Suggests using `cURL` or opening the address in a browser to test.
* Points to documentation with "Check out the docs to get help with this
error." **Visitor Information:** * A section titled "If you're a visitor of
this page" gives simple instructions to wait and refresh the page, then
suggests contacting the developer. **Overall Interpretation:** The image
indicates that ngrok is successfully tunneling traffic but cannot connect to
the web service running on the local machine (`localhost:8080`). The
"connection refused" error suggests that either no service is running on that
port, the service is not listening on that port, or a firewall is blocking the
connection. ]image1920×886 45.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/2/e2d34a628bc87d88e8e28cbb9a08254c16f6ba76.png
"image")

  
I tired multiple times but issue is still there.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) Kindly help
me out.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-14T08:51:38.605Z)

Hi Mishkat,

Please use triple backticks to encapsulate code, so that we can debug your
code more easily.

eg

    
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
       print ("Hello")
    

Please use this discourse etiquette to share code.

Thanks and kind regards


---
### Guddu Kumar Mishra  (2025-01-14T09:20:15.143Z)

sir did you check yet what is the problem in this one?


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-14T10:12:42.463Z)


    from fastapi import FastAPI, Query
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    from typing import List, Optional
    import csv
    
    app = FastAPI()
    
    # Enable CORS
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["*"],  # Allow all origins
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["*"],  # Allow all methods
        allow_headers=["*"],  # Allow all headers
    )
    
    # Load student data from the specified CSV file
    students = []
    with open('/Users/mish/Downloads/q-fastapi.csv', mode='r') as file:
        reader = csv.DictReader(file)
        for row in reader:
            students.append({
                "studentId": int(row["studentId"]),
                "class": row["class"]
            })
    
    @app.get("/api")
    async def get_students(class_: Optional[List[str]] = Query(None)):
        print(f"Requested classes: {class_}")  # Debugging line
        if class_:
            filtered_students = [student for student in students if student["class"] in class_]
            print(f"Filtered students: {filtered_students}")  # Debugging line
            return {"students": filtered_students}
        return {"students": students}
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        import uvicorn
        uvicorn.run(app, host="127.0.0.1", port=8000)
    


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-14T10:30:40.928Z)

Hi Mishkat,

This error is because you are filtering on `class_` instead of `class`

So if you send a request on `http://127.0.0.1/api?class_=1S` you will see
response for that `1S` class only.

kind regards


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-14T10:38:20.276Z)

thank you so much after modifying the code it got accepted


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-14T11:17:13.952Z)

Hi Guddu,

Inside `index.html` file of your repo, don’t put html code just put your email
in the file nothing else.

This issue is because when you deploy on github pages it encrypts any email
that’s on page.

kind regards.


---
### Nelson Jochim DSouza (2025-01-14T11:23:37.066Z)

I am facing an issue with Docker Desktop.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image depicts an error message displayed by Docker Desktop.
The error relates to an issue with Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL). The
message suggests potential solutions and provides options for gathering
diagnostics and quitting the application. **Specific Elements:** * **Error
Message Title:** "Docker Desktop - Unexpected WSL error" * **Error
Description:** "An unexpected error occurred while executing a WSL command."
**Possible Solutions:** The message offers several troubleshooting steps: *
"Either shut down WSL down with `wsl --shutdown`, and/or reboot your machine."
* "You can also try reinstalling WSL and/or Docker Desktop. If the issue
persists, collect diagnostics and submit an issue." **Technical Details:** The
error message shows the following: * "deploying WSL2 distributions" *
"ensuring main distro is deployed: deploying "docker-desktop": importing WSL
distro "WSL2 is not supported with"" **Links and Buttons:** * **Hyperlinks:**
* `collect diagnostics and submit an issue` * `Read our policy for uploaded
diagnostic data` * **Buttons:** * "Gather diagnostics" * "Quit" **Visual
Elements:** * An exclamation mark within a red circle, which represents the
error icon. * Dark themed UI **Overall Impression:** The image is a screenshot
of a Docker Desktop error message indicating a problem with WSL. The error
suggests that the Docker Desktop is trying to deploy WSL2 distributions and
importing the Docker Desktop distro. However, there is an error message saying
that WSL2 is not supported with. The message prompts the user to try various
troubleshooting steps. ]Docker Desktop Error558×377 27
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/7/d7bcf7a2f709561b98fa8bde031ab5d1e81a4a0d.png
"Docker Desktop Error")

I have uninstalled and installed Docker (run as administrator).

wsl --version

    
    
    WSL version: 2.3.26.0
    Kernel version: 5.15.167.4-1
    WSLg version: 1.0.65
    MSRDC version: 1.2.5620
    Direct3D version: 1.611.1-81528511
    DXCore version: 10.0.26100.1-240331-1435.ge-release
    Windows version: 10.0.19045.5011
    

Tried many solutions after googling for the issue.  
So far no solution. Anyone else faced this issue and found a solution?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-14T11:26:08.672Z)

Hi Telvin,

Try opening `localhost:8080` in browser if that works, if it opens in browser
then issue might be with some network configurations.

I solved this question in github codespace, which didn’t require me to make
any changes in network.

kind regards

kind regards


---
### Anand S (2025-01-14T11:43:33.780Z)

[@Nelson](/u/nelson) I would recommend [Podman](https://podman.io/) or [Docker
CE](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/) rather than [Docker
Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/).

Docker Desktop is [not free for organizations over 250
people](https://docs.docker.com/subscription/desktop-license/) and many
organizations have therefore moved away from it.


---
### Telvin Varghese (2025-01-14T12:26:01.055Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) I tired ,
in browser localhost:8080 is working fine but ngrok is not working. Is there
any other tools for tunneling that can be used.


---
### Anand S (2025-01-14T12:52:41.809Z)

[@22f2001640](/u/22f2001640) in that case

  * a firewall or local security settings might block access to port 8080, or
  * a network restriction is blocking access to port 8080

Please try one of these:

  * Try the same on a personal laptop on a public / home network
  * GitHub codespaces, as [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) suggested

You _could_ try an ngrok alternative like
[localtunnel](https://localtunnel.github.io/www/) but I don’t think that’ll
work.


---
### Nelson Jochim DSouza (2025-01-14T13:29:23.620Z)

Thank you, Sir!

> What is the Docker image URL? It should look like:
> `https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/$USER/$REPO/general`

If I use Podman, will the answer be correct assuming I have done all steps
correctly?


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-14T18:45:33.556Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Layout:** The image is a
screenshot of a computer desktop. It contains multiple windows, including
browser windows and a terminal window. The browser windows are displaying web
pages related to a coding assignment and the results of an API call. The
terminal window shows the output of a Python script, indicating the server's
response to API requests. **Specific Elements:** * **Browser Window 1 (Top
Left):** * Address Bar: `127.0.0.1:8000/api?class_=15` * Content: Displays a
JSON response: * `{"students":
[{"studentId":200,"class":"15"},{"studentId":298,"class":"15"},
{"studentId":498,"class":"15"}, {"studentId":1501,"class":"15"}]}` * **Browser
Window 2 (Top Right):** * Title: "Graded Assignment" and "GA2 - Deployment" *
Address Bar: `exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga2` * Content (Partial view
of a coding assignment): * Due Date: Sun, 26 Jan, 2025, 11:59 pm IST * Score:
5.5/10 * Instructions: Mention of query parameters, specifically the `class`
parameter. It instructs that, when the URL contains the `class` query
parameter, the server should return only students in those classes. Also
discusses how to handle multiple classes and maintain the order. * CORS: A
reminder to enable CORS. * API Endpoint: Indicates that the API endpoint for
FastAPI might look like `http://127.0.0.1:8000/api`. * Error Response Example:
A JSON-like list of students with studentId and class information. This list
appears to be an example of an incorrect or incomplete response. * **Terminal
Window (Bottom Left):** * Title: "mish - Python main.py - 80x24" * Content:
The output of a Python script, showing HTTP requests and responses. * URLs
being accessed: A series of API calls using `127.0.0.1` with variations in the
path related to `/api/class`, including different class values passed as
parameters. * HTTP Status Codes: Several "200 OK" responses, indicating
successful requests. * HTTP Methods: "GET" and "OPTIONS" requests are being
made. * **Other Details:** * System Information: The top right of the
screenshot contains the system date and time (Wed 15 Jan 12:12 AM). * Dock
(Bottom of Screen): Contains various application icons, including Finder,
Chrome, VS Code, Python, etc. **Interpretation:** The image appears to be a
screenshot of a developer working on a coding assignment related to creating
an API. The developer is testing the API endpoint that retrieves student data
based on class. They are making requests to the server with different class
parameters and observing the responses in the terminal window. The first
browser window shows the response to one such request while the right browser
window contains error examples/instructions. ]Screenshot 2025-01-15 at
12.12.09 AM1440×900 312 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/1/e1b4ee743ca378af275b6073cdb40da390235eba.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-15 at 12.12.09 AM")

  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) my answer got excepted before but now it is only
working on the terminal after I modified the code but when I paste the url in
the answer box it is again showing error


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-15T04:11:18.135Z)

Hi Mishkat,

The GA url encoded parameter is `class`  
In your screenshot, you are using `class_`  
Your code that we examined earlier also accepts `class_` as the parameter
instead of `class` as required by the GA  
The GA will test your deployment by sending it a request with the url encoded
parameter `class`


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-14T17:13:30.532Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Structure:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a web browser
window. The browser is displaying an error page related to the "ngrok"
service. The error page has a visual diagram at the top indicating the flow of
traffic: Internet -> ngrok Edge -> ngrok Agent -> Your Service. The "Your
Service" portion is marked with a red "X," indicating a failure at that stage.
**Textual Information:** * **Error Message:** The main error message is
"ERR_NGROK_8012." It states that traffic was successfully tunneled to the
ngrok agent, but the agent couldn't establish a connection to the upstream web
service at `http://localhost:5000`. The specific error is "dial tcp
[::1]:5000: connect: connection refused". * **Developer Instructions:** The
page includes a section for developers, suggesting that they ensure a web
service is running on `http://localhost:5000` on the machine where the ngrok
agent is running. It also advises trying to cURL or open the address in a
browser to check the response. * **Visitor Instructions:** A section for
visitors suggests waiting a few minutes and refreshing the page. If the
problem persists, it recommends contacting the developer. * **Header
Information:** Tabs showing: "Graded Ass...", "GA2-Depi...", "TDS 2025...",
"Llama-3.2-1...", "AI Chat", "Push Dock...", "(5) Whats...", "Tunnel Ager...",
"ERR_NGRO...". There's a URL displayed:
`9eab-2402-e280-3e1e-193-508b-9d2e-a63e-931c.ngrok-free.app` * **Footer:** The
page is "Powered by ngrok". **Visual Elements:** * **Icons:** There are icons
representing: * Internet (a mobile phone) * ngrok Edge (a globe) * ngrok Agent
(a command prompt) * Your Service (a document stack or server icon). *
**Status Indicators:** Green checkmarks and a red "X" are used to indicate the
status of each stage in the traffic flow. Internet, ngrok Edge, and ngrok
Agent show a green checkmark, while Your Service shows a red "X." * **Page
Layout:** The overall page layout is clean and relatively simple, with a focus
on the error message and related instructions. **Interpretation:** The image
illustrates a common problem when using ngrok: the service on the local
machine that ngrok is trying to tunnel to is not running or is not accessible
on the specified port (5000 in this case). The error "connection refused"
indicates that there is nothing listening on that port on the local machine.
]Screenshot 2025-01-14 at 8.54.07 PM1440×900 80.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/0/50eaf8aa1d63bc330436cdc443dc94efa98a7d34.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-14 at 8.54.07 PM")

  
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) I am facing this issue i have
run the entire thing thrice but still i am facing this issue, what should I
do?


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-15T07:10:33.142Z)


    from fastapi import FastAPI, Query
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    from typing import List, Optional
    import csv
    
    app = FastAPI()
    
    # Enable CORS
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["*"],  # Allow all origins
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["*"],  # Allow all methods
        allow_headers=["*"],  # Allow all headers
    )
    
    # Load student data from the specified CSV file
    students = []
    with open('/Users/mish/Downloads/q-fastapi.csv', mode='r') as file:
        reader = csv.DictReader(file)
        for row in reader:
            students.append({
                "studentId": int(row["studentId"]),
                "class": row["class"]
            })
    
    @app.get("/api")
    async def get_students(class: Optional[List[str]] = Query(None)): 
        """
        Retrieves a list of students, optionally filtered by class.
    
        Args:
            class: A list of class names to filter by. If None, returns all students.
    
        Returns:
            A dictionary containing a list of students.
        """
        print(f"Requested classes: {class}")  # Debugging line
        if class:
            filtered_students = [student for student in students if student["class"] in class]
        else:
            filtered_students = students
        print(f"Filtered students: {filtered_students}")  # Debugging line
        return {"students": filtered_students}
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        import uvicorn
        uvicorn.run(app, host="127.0.0.1", port=8000)
    
    

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) this is the code I’m executing which is not getting
accepted in the answer box the last time I modified the code it got accepted
and I also saved the answer but when I reopened the page till now it is not
getting accepted


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-16T08:27:32.543Z)

Hi Mishkat,

In your code, the word `class` is a reserved keyword in python. So simply
changing `class_` to `class` is not going to work. The _only_ thing you need
to change is the keyword accepted by the api _not_ the variable name used
inside your function. Hope that helps you narrow down the problem.

Kind regards


---
### Kushagra Barodekar (2025-01-16T13:35:41.934Z)

Hi Team ,

For GA - 2 , Question 6:  
I am done with the code, deployed same on vercel.  
And It is working fine gives correct json response as expected in browser.

But When I try to that on portal It gives me “CORS Missing Allow Origin”
Error.  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on
details relevant to understanding the context and potential questions:
**Overall Context** * The image shows a screenshot of a user interface (likely
a web browser) related to deploying a Python application to Vercel. * There's
a problem statement or task description at the top. * The user has seemingly
tried to deploy the application but is encountering issues. * There's a
browser's developer tools panel open, specifically the "Network" tab, which
indicates they are inspecting the network requests. **Problem Statement/Task
Description (Top)** * **Download File:** It mentions a file "vercel-
python.json" which contains marks for 100 students. * **Deployment Goal:** The
task involves creating and deploying a Python app to Vercel. * **API
Endpoint:** The application should expose an API such that a request in the
format `https://your-app.vercel.app/api?name=X&name=Y` returns a JSON response
containing the marks of students named X and Y. * **Example Response:** The
desired JSON response format is `{"marks": 10, 20}` (showing marks for names X
and Y, respectively). **Vercel URL and Error** * **Prompt:** "What is the
Vercel URL? It should look like: `https://your-app.vercel.app/api`" * **User
Input:** The user entered: `https://vercel-[obfuscated]-shagra-barodekars-
projects.vercel.app/api` * **Error Message:** "TypeError: NetworkError when
attempting to fetch resource." **Browser Developer Tools (Bottom)** *
**Network Tab:** The "Network" tab of the browser's developer tools is open,
showing a list of network requests. * **Request Table:** There are several GET
and POST requests listed. Here's what is visible: * **GET:** Request to some
Vercel URL ending with `?name=Q%26name=BU04&name=BU04` * Status code: 200 *
The response headers indicates "CORS Missing Allow Origin." * Type: json *
**POST:** A request to `exam.sena...completions` **Key Issues and Inferences**
1\. **CORS Issue:** The "CORS Missing Allow Origin" indicates a potential
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) problem. This means the browser is
blocking the request because the server (Vercel app) isn't explicitly allowing
requests from the origin where the user is making the request (most likely,
the user's development environment). 2\. **Network Error:** The `NetworkError`
could be related to CORS (CORS errors often manifest as network errors). It
could also be due to other issues like an invalid URL, the server not being
up, or other connectivity problems. 3\. **URL Structure:** The URL in the
developer tools `?name=Q%26name=BU04&name=BU04` suggests the API might have
been tested using a URL with query parameters where names are passed **In
Summary** The image shows a user attempting to deploy a Python app to Vercel
that retrieves student marks based on names passed in the URL. They are
encountering a CORS error and a `NetworkError`. The network tab shows the URL
being used for testing contains specific encoding for the question mark symbol
(`%26`) and repeated "name" parameters. The prompt emphasizes the structure of
the Vercel URL needed for the API endpoint. ]Screenshot 2025-01-16 at 6.58.43
PM3570×1344 436 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/0/10d4f47182314c1b6912b0ab281ce0665238876a.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-16 at 6.58.43 PM")

I have added “Access-Control-Allow-Origin” as “*” for allowing request from
any origin.

I get the correct response in browser but it fails in quiz portal.  
Can anyone please suggest what exactly I am missing here.

Thanks  
Kushagra


---
### Aindree Chatterjee (2025-01-16T16:46:03.955Z)

[[Image description: The image shows a form field related to a Vercel URL. The
prompt asks "What is the Vercel URL? It should look like: https://your-
app.vercel.app/api". Below this, there's a text box with the value
"https://your-app2.vercel.app/api" filled in. The text box has a red outline,
suggesting an error or validation issue. To the right of the field, there's a
small "i" icon inside a circle, typically used to indicate information or a
validation error. Below the text box, there's the error message "TypeError:
Failed to fetch". ]image1747×186 10.6 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/7/27b5a8999c4acfc1f0d144ddd51a705f6e345feb.png
"image")

  
Hello, this is working when I put in parameters, but not when I submit on quiz
portal. What to do?


---
### Kushagra Barodekar (2025-01-17T16:13:14.478Z)

Hi [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) ,  
Can you please help on this one.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-17T21:59:24.820Z)

Hi Kushagra,

can you share vercel url so that I can test.

Kind regards


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-17T22:16:46.059Z)

Hi Aindree,

I tried to send a request to your application `https://your-
app2.vercel.app/api` with url encoded parameter `class=7Q`. It should fetch
marks of that particular class. But in response it sends `{"marks": []}`.

Check if your csv file is correct. Also check if code is correct.

Kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-01-17T05:35:36.902Z)

For the questions such as cors, llm i have to locally run the code and submit
it.After a while if i have to submit it again the prev url that i have
submitted is throwing an error. Maybe becaue it is checking the url again at
the time of submission. Fix this issue, the similar issue lies with the image
compression problem. when i upload the code and checks and submits it at that
time i got the marks but after sometime if i make the change in some other
question the file that i uploaded prev is nowhere to found.so please fix this
issue  
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-17T22:31:12.505Z)

Hi Tushar,

For questions which require submitting a url, when you click on save button
all those server’s should be running.

For that image uploading question one solution would be to keep image in a
particular directory, and then upload from there every time you make a
submission.

Kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Aindree Chatterjee (2025-01-18T08:45:27.617Z)

[https://your-
app2.vercel.app/api?name=gy5&name=nk&name=ySOPVNRtt](https://your-
app2.vercel.app/api?name=gy5&name=nk&name=ySOPVNRtt)  
is the one I tried. Somehow it worked correctly at my end. I’ll recheck
though. Thanks


---
### Kushagra Barodekar (2025-01-18T10:00:50.108Z)

Hi Jivraj,

I tried with another public url, It is working for me now.

Thanks  
Kushagra


---
### Durga Prasad (2025-01-19T04:40:58.902Z)

Hi,  
I have downloaded the Llamafile as instructed. But I can’t run it on my mac.
It says command not found.  
Pls let me know what I should do.


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-01-19T12:52:31.848Z)

For the Q.2 on image compression, for PNG, SVG or WEBP files, I’m getting the
error “Could not process image. Is it browser supported image? Image pixels do
not match the original” (I believe the last part is not applicable as the
image was not processed ). Visually, I could not find any difference between
the two files and the size of new file is less than 1,500 bytes.

Tried through Chrome v132.0.6834.83 without any add-ons/extensions.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a section of a web form related to uploading a file. The heading reads
"Upload your losslessly compressed image (less than 1,500 bytes)". Below the
heading is a file upload field. It contains a button labeled "Choose File" and
to the right of the button, it displays the filename of the image that has
been selected: "shapes_compressed.png". Below the file upload field, there's
an error message in red text: "Error: Could not process image. Is it a
browser-supported image? Image pixels do not match the original". This
suggests that there was a problem when the user attempted to upload the image.
The error indicates the image may not be a supported format, or that its pixel
data doesn't match what the system was expecting. ]image830×156 10.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/f/af872f7c388b3d82781447fc122f6d4b2e76ffba.png
"image")


---
### Akash mishra (2025-01-19T12:55:34.118Z)

this mainly happens when ngrok able to tunnel to given port but nothing is
running on that port,so check that first


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-01-19T10:56:23.313Z)

i am getting this error  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a screen
displaying instructions or a task related to deploying a Python application on
Vercel. **Text and Instructions:** 1\. **Download Instructions:** The image
begins with the instruction to download a file named "q-vercel-python.json".
It mentions that this file contains the marks of 100 imaginary students. 2\.
**Deployment Instructions:** The next instruction is to create and deploy a
Python app to Vercel. This application should expose an API. 3\. **API
Functionality:** The desired functionality of the API is that when a request
is made to a URL like "https://your-app.vercel.app/api?name=X&name=Y", it
should return a JSON response containing the marks for names X and Y. 4\.
**JSON Example:** A JSON example is provided, showing the desired output
format: `{"marks": [10, 20]}` 5\. **Vercel URL Prompt:** The next prompt asks
for the Vercel URL. It gives an example of what the URL should look like:
"https://your-app.vercel.app/api" 6\. **User-Provided URL:** A field shows a
URL provided by a user, which is highlighted in red: "https://student-marks-
gb9zwxnfx-tushars-projects-f2a54030.vercel.app/api" 7\. **Error Message:**
Below the user-provided URL, there's an error message in red: "TypeError:
Failed to fetch" **Objects and Visual Cues:** * The URLs are formatted as
links. * The user-provided URL field is highlighted in red, possibly
indicating an error or problem. * There is a small information or error icon
next to the URL field. **Inferred Information:** * The user is likely
following a tutorial or set of instructions to deploy a Python API on Vercel.
* The "TypeError: Failed to fetch" error suggests that there might be an issue
with the provided URL, the application's deployment, or the API's
functionality. In summary, the image shows a user attempting to deploy a
Python API on Vercel and encountering a "Failed to fetch" error, potentially
indicating an issue with the URL or the deployed application. ]image1636×415
30 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/c/8ca06c0039ea5bf3cd3319f06bcf52967f060e15.png
"image")

  
i have tried to submit it will a query as well but than also it is giving me
the same error.But for me it is giving me the correct output.  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
displays a browser window showing the JSON response from an API call. *
**Top:** The browser's address bar shows the following URL: `student-marks-
gb9zwxnfx-tushars-
projects-f2a54030.vercel.app/api?name=IjJOGavw&name=Ry2N2zqyxV`. This suggests
that it's an API endpoint for retrieving student marks, possibly related to a
project or assignment. The parameters `name=IjJOGavw&name=Ry2N2zqyxV` hint
that the API request uses 'name' to identify some student. * **Middle:** A
"Pretty-print" checkbox is checked, indicating that the JSON response is
formatted for better readability. * **Bottom:** The body of the browser window
contains a JSON object with one key: `"marks"`. The value associated with the
`"marks"` key is an array of two numbers: `[65, 74]`. This likely represents
the marks or scores of a student. * **Overall:** The image shows the API
response for a specific student, indicating their marks are 65 and 74. The API
URL and JSON formatting suggest that the image is likely a screenshot of a web
development or API testing context.]image1065×178 7.32
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/d/9dd62f1758b3f1c111c14906fb14dbcdcfdcd361.png
"image")

  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-19T13:20:12.288Z)

Hi Tushar,

Make sure cors are enabled, if so can you share screenshot of console tab in
browser?

kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Tushar Jalan  (2025-01-19T13:50:57.854Z)


    {
      "version": 2,
      "builds": [
        {
          "src": "app.py",
          "use": "@vercel/python"
        }
      ],
      "routes": [
        {
          "src": "/api",
          "dest": "app.py"
        }
      ],
      "headers": [
        {
          "source": "/api/(.*)",
          "headers": [
            { "key": "Access-Control-Allow-Credentials", "value": "true" },
            { "key": "Access-Control-Allow-Origin", "value": "*" },
            {
              "key": "Access-Control-Allow-Methods",
              "value": "GET,OPTIONS,PATCH,DELETE,POST,PUT"
            },
            {
              "key": "Access-Control-Allow-Headers",
              "value": "X-CSRF-Token, X-Requested-With, Accept, Accept-Version, Content-Length, Content-MD5, Content-Type, Date, X-Api-Version"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
    

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
i have added the header key in order to use the cors as said in the vercel doc
but still i am getting that error.  
what to do?  
i have added the cors in the app.py file as well

    
    
    from flask import Flask, request, jsonify
    import json
    from flask_cors import CORS
    
    
    app = Flask(__name__)
    CORS(app)
    
    # Load the data
    with open("q-vercel-python.json", "r") as f:
        data = json.load(f)
    
    
    @app.route("/api", methods=["GET"])
    def get_marks():
        names = request.args.getlist("name")
        marks = [student["marks"] for student in data if student["name"] in names]
        return jsonify({"marks": marks})
    
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        app.run()
    
    

<https://student-marks-4vsd75x3f-tushars-projects-f2a54030.vercel.app/api>


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-20T05:36:20.460Z)

[@23f2003751](/u/23f2003751)  
While I understand why you might choose to use `flask` due to your familiarity
with it,  
the `http.server` library is just very simple to use.

The **only extra line of code** you would need inside your `get` request if
you used the `http.server` library would be:

`self.send_header("Access-Control-Allow-Origin", "*")`

Try to rewrite your code using `http.server` library so that your debugging
for simple tasks like this is easy.

The boilerplate code for a `get` request using the `http.server` library was
already given in Q6. So you have to do very minimal modifications to it and it
works like a charm.

Kind regards


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-18T19:38:22.246Z)

In GA-2 Q6, Q9 and Q10 answers are not getting accepted on my device(Mac book
air) but when I am executing the same thing from my friends device(windows 11
pro) it is getting accepted and then when I try to save it from her device and
then do the final submission from my my device then again the answers are not
getting submitted for the same three questions.

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) Sir please help me through this


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-20T05:48:46.646Z)

[@23F300327](/u/23f300327) You would have to be a bit more specific on what
exactly is the nature of your error on your machine.

GA2 - Q6 has no dependency on the OS or your computer. It uses Github (an
online platform), it uses Vercel (an online platform) and thats it. I have a
macbook air and it works fine for GA2 - Q6. Since the code you are running has
no such dependency on your local machine it should not have problems.

Now typical problems for example Q6 (and other questions) might involve the
use of CORS. So for example the url might work in your browser when you access
the vercel deployment url directly, but when using it via the GA, the request
triggers a CORS error, because a third party application is requesting rather
than you directly.

Also the live sessions on
[youtube](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_h5u1jMeBCl1BquBhgunA4t08XAxsA-C&si=NE4LEQe48XfzAYbc)
will address some of these deployment related issues that students are facing.

There will be session 2025-01-20T14:30:00Z→2025-01-20T16:30:00Z which will be
recorded that will address any concerns on how to use these technologies and
libraries.

The session is in your course calendar and the meet link is
[meet.google.com/baz-ayij-ziy](http://meet.google.com/baz-ayij-ziy)

Kind regards


---
### Divyasree (2025-01-20T16:46:54.354Z)

1.how to sign into github

2.what is user name there…it is not working


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-21T08:09:40.078Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image is
a screenshot of a web browser window, likely Google Chrome or a similar
browser. The window is displaying the output of a web application,
specifically a FastAPI application hosted on Vercel. **Browser Window
Details:** * The browser window has multiple tabs open, including: * "Project
1:..." * "TDS 2025..." * "GA2 - Deployment..." * "how to install..." * "(no
subject)..." * "ChatGPT" * "vercel-fast..." (appears three times) * The
address bar displays the URL: `https://vercel-fastapi-aa0kdktjz-
mishkat02s-projects.vercel.app/api?name=IE&name=G6k` * There are typical
browser controls (back, forward, refresh, star/bookmark, download, user
profile icon). * A "All Bookmarks" bookmark is showing on the right side of
the bar. **Content of the webpage:** * There's a heading "Pretty print"
displayed on the page. * The output of the web application is a Python
dictionary displayed as a string: `("marks": [58,53])`. **Overall
Interpretation:** The image shows the result of an API call to a FastAPI
application. The application seems to be returning a dictionary containing a
key named "marks" with a list of two integers (58 and 53) as its value. The
'Pretty print' suggests a cleaner representation of the response. It is
important to notice that the parenthesis instead of curly braces for the
dictionary, and the use of single quote rather than double quotes suggest the
format is a Python tuple rather than a JSON/Dictionary. ]Screenshot 2025-01-21
at 1.37.06 PM1440×900 28.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/5/9540d770e250d10f3b19c38ce563192219676d6e.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-21 at 1.37.06 PM")

  
when I paste the url it is showing TypeError: Failed to fetch  
my code:

    
    
    import json
    import pandas as pd
    from http.server import BaseHTTPRequestHandler, HTTPServer
    from urllib.parse import urlparse, parse_qs
    
    # Load the CSV file into a DataFrame
    try:
        data = pd.read_csv('marks.csv')
    except FileNotFoundError:
        data = None
    
    class MarksHandler(BaseHTTPRequestHandler):
        def do_GET(self):
            if data is None:
                self.send_response(500)
                self.send_header("Content-type", "application/json")
                self.send_header("Access-Control-Allow-Origin", "*")
                self.end_headers()
                self.wfile.write(json.dumps({"error": "marks.csv not found"}).encode())
                return
    
            parsed_path = urlparse(self.path)
            query_params = parse_qs(parsed_path.query)
            names = query_params.get('name', [])  # Get list of names from query parameters
    
            marks = [
                int(data[data['name'] == name]['marks'].values[0]) if not data[data['name'] == name].empty else None 
                for name in names
            ]
    
            response = json.dumps({"marks": marks})
            self.send_response(200)
            self.send_header("Content-type", "application/json")
            self.send_header("Access-Control-Allow-Origin", "*")  # Enable CORS
            self.end_headers()
            self.wfile.write(response.encode())
    
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        server_address = ('', 8000)  # Run on port 8000
        httpd = HTTPServer(server_address, MarksHandler)
        print("Server running on port 8000...")
        httpd.serve_forever()
    


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-21T08:35:03.754Z)


    from flask import Flask, request, jsonify
    import pandas as pd
    from flask_cors import CORS
    
    app = Flask(__name__)
    CORS(app)
    
    # Load the CSV file into a DataFrame
    data = pd.read_csv('marks.csv')
    
    @app.route('/api', methods=['GET'])
    def get_marks():
        # Get the list of names from query parameters
        names = request.args.getlist('name')
        
        # Ensure the order of the names in the response matches the query
        marks = [
            int(data[data['name'] == name]['marks'].values[0]) if not data[data['name'] == name].empty else None 
            for name in names
        ]
        
        return jsonify({"marks": marks})
    
    if __name__ == '__main__':
        app.run(debug=True)
    

this is the 2nd code I am trying but same error TypeError: Failed to fetch


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-21T09:02:30.157Z)

[@23F300327](/u/23f300327)

Typically for a vercel application, and in particular for GA2-Q6, the
applications are basically function calls. You are not expected to setup and
run a local http server as you are doing in your code.

When a call is made to the endpoint which in this scenario is /api  
with parameters, only one function is required, i.e the function that handles
the get request.

The rest is also automagically handled by vercel. There might be a conflict
between vercel’s webserver deployment and the one you explicitly have encoded
in your program.

That’s why if you see in the course content about vercel, the simplest API
service that you can launch with vercel looks something like this

    
    
    # api/index.py
    import json
    from http.server import BaseHTTPRequestHandler
    
    class handler(BaseHTTPRequestHandler):
        def do_GET(self):
            self.send_response(200)
            self.send_header('Content-type','application/json')
            self.send_header("Access-Control-Allow-Origin", "*")
            self.end_headers()
            self.wfile.write(json.dumps({"message": "Hello!"}).encode('utf-8'))
            return
    

Notice there is no `if __name__ == "__main__":` code block.  
This would instruct the interpreter that this is the starting point of your
module. Clearly we do not want that, we want vercel to handle all the backend
server stuff because vercel might be running some preflight code before it
runs your application.

`if __name__ == "__main__":` is used to execute some code **only** if the file
was run directly, and not imported. In vercel, it might not be the starting
point of the application.

Try rewriting it with just the required endpoint function inside the default
`handler` class. Avoid custom named classes until you can get a working
prototype working using the boilerplate that has been shared.

Another possible problem:  
By default, the JSON module encodes Unicode objects (such as str and Unicode)
into the \u escape sequence when generating JSON data. The GA however is
expecting a serialised UTF-8 JSON response instead. These might look the same
on the screen but are not equivalent at the bytecode level. These encoding
problems were covered in one of the videos that talked about encoding issues
[TDS > Development Tools > unicode](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/unicode)

So converting your output to UTF-8 might fix it.

Let us know what worked. We are all learning from each other.

Kind regards


---
### NamanBeri (2025-01-21T15:53:27.561Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Main
Content:** * The image displays a prompt asking for a repository URL. It
provides an example format: `https://github.com/USER/REPO`. * A text box
(likely for user input) contains the URL: `https://github.com/NAMAN-
BERI/actions.git`. * Below the input box, an error message reads: "Error: No
runs found". **Textual Elements:** * **Question:** "What is your repository
URL? It will look like: `https://github.com/USER/REPO`" * **Input:**
`https://github.com/NAMAN-BERI/actions.git` * **Error:** "Error: No runs
found" **Visual Features:** * The interface uses a dark color scheme. * The
text box is outlined in a light-red/pink color. * The error message is also in
light-red/pink, suggesting it is an important warning.]image697×136 8.17
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/7/37d1ddfd387a975b90239f785c0023c91ddfbf14.png
"image")

even though its their

i don’t know why i am facing this issue anyone please check my git

  * [GitHub - NAMAN-BERI/actions](https://github.com/NAMAN-BERI/actions.git)


---
### Divyasree (2025-01-21T16:44:47.511Z)

how to create a iitm account in github…i am not getting the username  
please guide  
its proceeding like this …for my user name  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall:** The
image shows a form section, likely part of a user registration or account
creation page. It contains fields for "Password" and "Username." The username
field is causing an error message. **Text Elements:** * **"Password\\*"**:
Indicates a required password field. * **Dots "..........."**: Represents the
masked input in the password field. * **"Password should be at least 15
characters OR at least 8 characters including a number and a lowercase
letter."**: This is a password complexity requirement message. *
**"Username\\*"**: Indicates a required username field. * **"navya"**: This is
the user-entered value in the username field. * **"Username navya is not
available."**: An error message indicating the username is taken. * **"navya-
stack, navya-cmyk, or navya856 are available."**: Suggestions for available
usernames based on the user's initial entry. **Visual Features:** * **Password
field:** Displayed with green highlight indicating valid input. * **Username
field:** Displayed with blue highlight indicating invalid input. * **Red
Exclamation Point Icon (!)**: Appears next to the error message. **In
Summary:** The image depicts a form validation error. The user is trying to
register with the username "navya," but that username is already in use. The
system is suggesting alternative usernames. The password field appears to be
correctly entered and valid. ]image594×296 15.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/6/e66bdfaf92c7f6d5cefc11e977341b37b6fa9f9e.png
"image")


---
### Divyasree (2025-01-21T16:46:33.440Z)

Doubt :  
Should the 3rd question (github) done in the iitm github mail or any of the
personal mail ?


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-01-21T16:52:01.539Z)

Im not able to get the ngrok question correct. I have attached a screenshot  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Structure:** The
image appears to be a screenshot of a web page displaying an error message.
The layout includes: * **Headers and Titles:** Text indicating the purpose of
the page (likely an error message related to a worker exception) * **Error
Message Content:** Details about the error, possible causes, and suggested
solutions. * **Footer:** Information related to Cloudflare, including a Ray ID
and potentially the user's IP address. * **HTML Source Code:** Parts of the
page seems to be displaying the underlying HTML source code that generates the
page. **Textual Content and Breakdown:** 1\. **Top Section (Related to
Llamafile and Ngrok):** * "Download Llamafile. Run the
Llama-3.2-18-Instruct.06 K.llamafile model with it." - This suggests the user
is attempting to use Llamafile (likely a machine learning model). * "Create a
tunnel to the Llamafile server using ngrok." - The user is trying to set up a
tunnel to their server using Ngrok, a tunneling service. * "What is the ngrok
URL? It might look like: https://[random].ngrok-free.app/" - The user is
trying to find the correct Ngrok URL. * "https://58e1-150-107-42-211.ngrok-
free.app" - This is the actual URL that the user has attempted to use. 2\.
**Error Message:** * "Error: Response is not valid JSON:" - This is the main
error message. It indicates that the server is not returning a valid JSON
response. * The rest of the error section is HTML source code from the website
"exam.sanand.workers.dev" indicating the server is returning an HTML webpage
instead of JSON. * "Worker threw exception" - this is the error on the page. *
"What happened?": Asks what has gone wrong * "What can I do?": Asks what the
user can do. * "If you are the owner of this website:" the website lists
possible causes and solutions for the owner of the website. 3\. **Cloudflare
Footer:** * "Cloudflare Ray ID:" Followed by a unique identifier
(9058ac347bd6dc94). This is used for debugging purposes on Cloudflare's side.
* "Your IP:" (Potentially) An IP address is displayed. In this case it is
150.107.42.211 but is hidden. * "Performance & security by Cloudflare"
**Relevant Features:** * **URL:** The most important part is the Ngrok URL
(`https://58e1-150-107-42-211.ngrok-free.app`). This indicates what the user
is trying to connect to. The invalid JSON suggests there may be an issue with
the server that this URL is pointing towards. **In summary:** The image shows
someone trying to set up an Ngrok tunnel to a Llamafile server, but
encountering an error ("Response is not valid JSON"). The error is likely due
to the server at the given Ngrok URL not returning a valid JSON response but
instead, and HTML page, which typically indicates an error on the server side.
]Screenshot 2025-01-21 2220551920×957 262 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/8/e8d8f3d2ee80c2a0b39285d06405bcd0ccc8f338.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-01-21 222055")

  
The link is working fine in browser and running the LLM there.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-22T09:21:40.762Z)

Hi Mishkat,

I think url that you are submitting is wrong one. In below image there are two
url’s under Domains those would be correct url’s to be submitted.  
For example `https://tds21jan.vercel.app/`.

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a dashboard interface, likely from a web application deployment platform
like Vercel. The dashboard is set against a dark background. On the left side,
there is a white rectangular area displaying an error message. The error
message is "404 NOT_FOUND" and the code is "NOT_FOUND". Additionally, there's
an ID associated with the error message, and a small link below it that reads
"Read our documentation to learn more about this error". On the right side,
the dashboard details the deployment information: * **Deployment:** `tds21jan-
ghtj3xr7w-jivraj-18s-projects.vercel.app` * **Domains:** `tds21jan.vercel.app`
and `tds21jan-jivraj-18s-projects.vercel.app +1` * **Status:** Ready,
indicated by a green dot. It also shows when the deployment was created: "18h
ago by jivraj-18". * **Source:** There are two options available: "View code"
indicated by HTML tags and "vercel deploy" with a command line symbol. At the
bottom, there's a text prompt: "Connect your Project with a Git repository to
create a Production Deployment." and a "Connect Git repo" button.
]image1705×672 56.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/c/7c952f862db80dd2f12cedc89e7263e8e3290604.png
"image")

kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-22T09:33:31.252Z)

Hi Gaurav,

This is problem with Cloudflare content delivery service where application is
served. Try it out after some time it will work.

Kind regards


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-22T09:35:12.607Z)

Hi Divya,

You can use any github account, it need not be associated with IITM account.


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-22T09:48:18.254Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image content:
**Overview** The image shows a screenshot of a Vercel project dashboard.
Vercel is a platform for hosting websites and web applications. The project
name is "vercel-ga2." **Top Navigation** * **Browser Tabs:** The top of the
image shows browser tabs: "Graded Assignment 2...", "TDS 2025 Jan GA2 - D...",
"TDS 2025 Jan GA3 - L...", "GA2 - Deployment Tool X", "ChatGPT", and "vercel-
ga2 - Overview." * **Vercel URL:** The URL bar displays
"vercel.com/mishkat02s-projects/vercel-ga2", indicating this is a Vercel
project page under the "mishkat02s" account. * **Vercel Account:** On the top
left, it shows "mishkat02's projects" under the "Hobby" plan. * **Project
Name:** To the right of the account information, it shows the current
project's name, "vercel-ga2." * **Top Right Navigation:** There are links for
"Feedback," "Changelog," "Help," and "Docs." **Main Content Area** * **Project
Navigation:** Below the top navigation is a secondary navigation with options
like "Project," "Deployments," "Analytics," "Speed Insights," "Logs,"
"Observability," "Firewall," "Storage," and "Settings." The "Project" tab is
currently selected. * **Production Deployment:** The main section displays the
"Production Deployment" status. * **Connect Git:** "Connect Git," "Usage,"
"Domains," and "Visit" are options that appear on the right. * **Build Logs:**
There are buttons for "Build Logs," "Runtime Logs," and "Instant Rollback."
**Deployment Details** * **Deployment URL:** The deployment URL is "vercel-
ga2-f71a455gq-mishkat02s-projects.vercel.app." * **Domains:** The "Domains"
section shows "vercel-ga2.vercel.app" with "+2" next to it, suggesting two
additional domains are associated with this deployment. * **Status:** The
"Status" is "Ready," and it indicates the deployment was created "22h ago by
mishkat02." * **Source:** The "Source" section provides options to "<> View
code" and ">_ vercel deploy". * **Connect to Git Repository:** There's a
message "Connect your Project with a Git repository to create a Production
Deployment" and a button "Connect Git repository." **Additional Notes** *
**Dark Theme:** The interface uses a dark theme. * **User:** The user appears
to be "mishkat02," based on the Vercel URL and deployment information. *
**Preview Deployments:** "Preview Deployments" is at the very bottom.
]Screenshot 2025-01-22 at 3.17.12 PM1440×900 83.3
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/e/1e09e17c6e8995fe05bbb615920018053d8b5a8d.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-22 at 3.17.12 PM")

  
I tried both the url in domain still it is showing failed to fetch


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-22T09:48:35.490Z)

Hi NamanBeri,

Just remove `.git` it will work.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-22T10:00:15.756Z)

[UPDATE 22/02/2025]: GA 2 NEW DEADLINE: 2025-02-02T18:29:00Z


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-22T10:23:15.623Z)

I’m not sure of the exact reason for the issue, but there are different ways
to deploy to Vercel. One approach is using a `vercel.json` configuration file,
and another is adding headers directly in the API code.

You can follow [Gui Bibeau’s guide](https://www.frontend-
devops.com/blog/python-on-vercel) to add CORS headers to your deployment
setup. Also check the recording from yesterday’s session for more clarity in
that session Carlton deployed application directly from github repository. If
you’re still facing issues, you can join today’s session at 9 PM.

For deploying a Flask or FastAPI app to Vercel, refer to [this guide on DEV
Community](https://dev.to/andrewbaisden/how-to-deploy-a-python-flask-app-to-
vercel-2o5k). I’ve tried both methods, and they work well.


---
### Mishkat Chougule (2025-01-22T10:29:27.059Z)

Okay, I’ll try to it again using these methods and let you know  
Thank you


---
### Shouvik Roy  (2025-01-22T16:06:08.129Z)

Sir im facing problem in week2 ga question 10. At first when i have pasted the
URL its showing correct and i saved that i got 8. When i refresh the page and
reload the same 8scored but its showing 5.5 and the URL for lamma file showing
wrong . why is like that? [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

my student email: 23f1001348@ds.study.iitm.ac.in  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image content:
**Top Section (Quiz/Test Interface):** * **Header:** Displays the time "1:59
pm IST," the score "5.3/10," and "Check" and "Save" buttons. *
**Instructions:** A numbered list of instructions for the quiz/test. Key
points include: * Reading material is provided but can be skipped. * Check
answers regularly (by pressing "Check"). * Save regularly (by pressing
"Save"). * Reloading is acceptable. * Browser issues are possible; security
restrictions can be turned off. * Users can use any resources, including the
internet, ChatGPT, and friends. * It is hackable (possible to get answers by
hacking the code). * **Communication:** A button/link labeled "Have questions?
Join the discussion on Discourse." * **Login Information:** Indicates the user
is logged in as "231001348@ds.study.iitm.ac.in." * **Recent Saves:** Lists
previous save times and scores. Examples include: * 1/22/2025, 1:31:03 PM,
Score: 8 * 1/22/2025, 1:30:56 PM, Score: 8 * 1/22/2025, 1:07:43 PM, Score: 7
**Bottom Section (Developer Tools/Console Output):** * **Text Instructions:**
Includes instructions to download "Llamafile," run the "Llama
3.8.0b-Llamafile.Plus" model with it, and create a tunnel to the Llamafile
server using "ngrok." * **"What is the ngrok URL?":** Asks for what the ngrok
url should be. * **Possible URL Structure:** Provides an example URL
structure: "https://[random].ngrck.dev.app" * **JSON Response:** A large block
of JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) code. It appears to be an API response or
configuration data. The data includes fields like "type," "data,"
"attributes," "context," "model_type," "model_quantization,"
"model_parameters," "model_n_ctx," "model_name," etc. There's also information
related to endpoints, tokens, messages, and potentially other AI model or
application-related details. **Overall:** The image shows a combination of a
quiz/test interface and developer tools/console output related to setting up
and using a Llamafile model through ngrok. Someone might be inspecting network
requests or debugging the application behind the quiz. ]Untitled
design1414×2000 247 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/9/a96004ebde1ba7e706ce91d8bc9452fe842bee16.jpeg
"Untitled design")


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-22T16:20:28.196Z)

From image that you have shared, it explains ngrok tunnel that you are
submitting in answer is not running.

For any assignment if it involves running some server then you would need to
keep all the server’s running when you submit

Kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Shouvik Roy  (2025-01-22T16:46:41.766Z)

that means at every time i need to run the system at backend when i submit.
hows that possible it requires very lengthy process. When i had submitted
thats showing correct again i have reloaded the previous one showing wrong.


---
### NamanBeri (2025-01-23T13:25:40.286Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image's content:
The image appears to be a screenshot of a computer screen displaying text
related to using Llamafile and ngrok. Here's a breakdown: * **Textual
Instructions:** * "Download Llamafile. Run the Llama-3.2-18-Instruct.06
K.llamafile model with it." This suggests the user is working with the
Llamafile tool and a specific Llama-3 model. * "Create a tunnel to the
Llamafile server using ngrok." This indicates that the user is attempting to
create a tunnel using ngrok to access the Llamafile server. * "What is the
ngrok URL? It might look like: https://[random].ngrok-free.app/" This provides
an example of the expected format for an ngrok URL. The `[random]` portion
signifies that the actual URL will have a randomly generated subdomain. *
**Supposed Ngrok URL:** *
"https://4d63-2409-40d0-100e-46d9-419e-d652-5b0e-f8fe.ngrok-free.app/" This is
a URL that is likely the result of attempting to establish an ngrok tunnel. It
conforms to the expected structure mentioned above with a seemingly random
alphanumeric string as the subdomain. * **Error Message:** * "Error: Response
is not valid JSON: error code: 524" This indicates that the server returned an
invalid JSON response. An error code of 524 usually means there was a timeout.
This suggests that there was a problem connecting to the ngrok tunnel or some
other error during the connection process. In Summary: The image shows a user
who is likely trying to create an ngrok tunnel to access a Llamafile server
and is encountering an error related to an invalid JSON response with a
timeout error code (524), likely stemming from issues connecting to the ngrok
tunnel.]image1610×261 20.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/0/10fb4cd9629c2e2fd3237354d2d0d486e6eb81cc.png
"image")

any one please guide what is this error - everything is working when i open
this link and even i can view it is making request to the server

18:43:30.941 IST GET /json-schema-to-grammar.mjs 200 OK

which means server is working properly then i dont know whats the issue


---
### daniyal jaiswar (2025-01-23T14:54:10.445Z)

sir ühere i üill get the live session link or notification


---
### Srividhya (2025-01-23T10:43:58.135Z)

i am getting this error in the last question. pls help to solve  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a screenshot of a web browser window, specifically
Google Chrome. The webpage displayed is an exam or assessment platform. The
user seems to be answering a question related to running a Llamafile model and
creating a tunnel using ngrok. There is an error message related to a JSON
response. **Detailed Breakdown:** * **Top Section (Browser Navigation):** *
The browser's address bar displays the URL:
"exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga2". This confirms it's an exam or
assessment platform. * Browser tabs indicate other open pages/applications:
"Gr", "Ex", "To", "Lal", "Lo", and more. * The timestamp on the top right of
the screen indicates "Thu 23 Jan 4:12 PM". * A button labelled "Finish update"
* **Middle Section (Exam Content):** * A prominent green bar displays the due
date: "Due Sun, 26 Jan, 2025, 11:59 pm IST". * The user's current score is
"Score: 5.5 / 10". * "Check" and "Save" buttons are visible. * The question
prompts the user to: * Download "Llamafile". * Run "Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct.06
K.llamafile" model. * Create a tunnel to the Llamafile server using "ngrok". *
Enter the ngrok URL (with a sample URL format provided). * **Input Field and
Error Message:** * An input field contains the URL:
"https://b1ae-117-198-90-156.ngrok-free.app". * Below the input field is a
prominent error message indicating the URL is incorrect. The message says:
"Error: Response is not valid JSON: <!DOCTYPE HTML><html lang="en"><head><meta
charset="utf-8"><title>Error response</title></head><body><h1>Error
response</h1><p>Error code: 501</p><p>Message: Unsupported method
('POST').</p><p>Error code explanation: 501 - Server does not support this
operation.</p></body></html>" * The error indicates the server doesn't support
the POST method. * **Bottom Section (Dock):** * The dock shows standard macOS
application icons, including: Finder, Launchpad, Safari, Mail, Notes, Slack,
Numbers, a coding IDE (likely Xcode or VS Code), Chrome, Terminal and Trash. *
There are badges on the Mail and Notes icons, indicating unread notifications.
The application badge on Chrome is obscured by the error message in the
browser. **Key Takeaways:** * The user is taking an online exam/assessment. *
The task involves using Llamafile and ngrok. * The provided ngrok URL is
causing an error, possibly due to an incorrect method used on the server-side.
* The error suggests the server does not support POST requests to the
specified URL. ]Screenshot 2025-01-23 at 4.12.45 PM1920×1200 170
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/7/67309788e968c9c2b78dce5d223fcb1595cec124.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-01-23 at 4.12.45 PM")

i am unable to open the dashboard of ngrok in laptop but i did the authtoken
genration in mobile and used it


---
### Irina Agastin (2025-01-23T17:36:33.864Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image displays an error page from a web application
using Ngrok. It shows a visual representation of the connection flow,
indicating a problem with the connection to the service. **Elements:** * **Top
Bar:** A standard browser address bar showing the Ngrok URL:
`1577-13-71-3-97.ngrok-free.app`. * **Connection Flow:** A graphic
illustrating the path of the connection: * **Internet:** Green, indicating a
successful connection. * **ngrok Edge:** Green, indicating a successful
connection. * **ngrok Agent:** Green, indicating a successful connection. *
**Your Service:** Red with an "X", signifying a failed connection. * **Error
Message:** * **Error Code:** `ERR_NGROK_8012` in bold. * **Description:**
"Traffic was successfully tunneled to the ngrok agent, but the agent failed to
establish a connection to the upstream web service at
`undefined://localhost:52525`. The error encountered was:" * **Specific
Error:** `dial tcp [::1]:52525: connect: connection refused`. * **Help Link:**
"Get help with this error." * **Developer Information:** * **Instruction:**
"On the machine where the ngrok agent is running, make sure a web service is
running on `undefined://localhost:52525`. Try to cURL or open the address in a
browser to see that you get the correct response." * **Help Link:** "Check out
the docs to get help with this error." * **Visitor Information:** *
**Instruction:** "Wait a few minutes and refresh the page. If that still
doesn't work, please contact the developer of this page for more information."
**Textual Details:** * The error message highlights the problem with the
connection to the service running at `undefined://localhost:52525`. * The
`connection refused` error suggests that either there is no service listening
on port 52525 on the local machine, or a firewall is blocking the connection.
* The developer information section suggests verifying the service is running
and accessible locally. * The undefined protocol also indicates there is a
formatting problem with the tunnel's route. **In Summary:** The image
represents a common Ngrok error where the tunnel is successfully established,
but the Ngrok agent can't connect to the web service running locally (in this
case at `localhost:52525`). The error suggests checking if the local service
is actually running and accessible and formatted correctly for the tunnel to
route. ]image1566×912 46.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/c/cc1bebd814956e00ddfe7dfdb1569dada33ef19d.png
"image")

  
I tried using github codespace for ngrok and cmd for llamafile, but im still
encountering the same error no matter which port i use [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-23T21:15:43.857Z)

Hi Naman,

error code 524 is generally because of timeout in response, one thing you can
check is if there is load on Llama server as information that I got by a
google search [Error 524: A Timeout Occurred (What It Is & How to Fix
It)](https://www.lifewire.com/error-524-a-timeout-occurred-4782741). I tried
submitting now while replying at 2:45 am it was working fine.

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) Is there any problem from our end, such as tds hosting
server receiving lots of traffic on website.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-23T21:18:44.212Z)

Hi daniyal,

[Tools in Data Science](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/?id=jan-2025-links) you can
get calendra invite link from here and add to google calendra.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-23T21:26:50.926Z)

Hi Srividhya,

This error is because you are trying to access a feature of ngrok which requires to pay [ERR_NGROK_501 | ngrok documentation](https://ngrok.com/docs/errors/err_ngrok_501/#:~:text=Only%20Personal%2C%20Pro%2C%20Enterprise%2C%20or%20Pay-as-you-go%20accounts%20can,resolving%20this%20error%2C%20please%20reach%20out%20to%20support%40ngrok.com).

I think you didn’t use authtoken to authenticate through your laptop. Follow second step on this page [Quickstart | ngrok documentation](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/) to authenticate.

kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-23T21:33:27.479Z)

Hi Irina,

This issue is because localhost is not there is no server available to listen
on localhost.You are running ngrok in codespace but Llama server in local
machine. run both of them in same machine either codespace or local machine.

Here is reference of error [ERR_NGROK_8012 | ngrok documentation](https://ngrok.com/docs/errors/err_ngrok_8012/)

kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-01-24T02:30:10.234Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) Dear Sir, could you please let me
know how to proceed with this as I’m still getting the same error.


---
### Shouvik Roy  (2025-01-24T04:53:27.747Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)  
sir please reply


---
### K Hari Prasath (2025-01-24T05:55:53.028Z)

Regarding question no. 9 Web Framework: FastAPI. I got the following error for
the answer to the question  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Context:** The image appears to show a coding or software development context,
likely related to testing an API. The text suggests a task involving
retrieving student data based on class affiliation via an API endpoint. There
is an error message visible, indicating that the API response is not matching
the expected data. **Text Elements:** * **Instructional Text:** * "If the URL
has a query parameter class, it should return only students in those classes."
* Examples of API queries are provided: "/api?class=1A" and
"/api?class=1A&class=1B". * Emphasis on returning students in the same order
as they appear in the CSV file. * "Make sure you enable CORS to allow GET
requests from any origin." (Related to Cross-Origin Resource Sharing,
important for web security in API development.) * "What is the API URL
endpoint for FastAPI? It might look like: http://127.0.0.1:8000/api" * **API
Endpoint:** * `http://127.0.0.1:8000/api` * **Error Message:** * "Error:
Response undefined does not match expected
[["studentid":67,"class":"6X"],["studentid":86,"class":"ST"],["studentId":91,"class":"ST"],["studentid":187,"class":"78"],
("studentid":217,"class":"6X"], ["studentid":221,"class":"ST"],
["studentid":408,"class":"6X"], ["studentid":471,"class":"22"
("studentid":708,"class":"6X"],["studentid":734,"class":"ST"
("studentid":735,"class":"22"["studentId":928,"class":"78")("studentid":1007,"class":"ST"["studentid":1029,"class":"ST","studentid":1090,"class":"78")
("studentid":1106,"class":"22") ("studentid":1154,"class":"6X")
("studentid":1313,"class":"6X")("studentid":1354,"class":"6X")
("studentid":1414,"class":"6 ("studentid":1422,"class":"6X")
("studentid":1429,"class":"22") ("studentid":1494,"class":"78"),
("studentid":1994,"class":"78"))" * This message indicates a mismatch between
the actual API response and the expected data structure. The expected data is
an array of arrays, where each inner array represents a student with a
"studentid" and "class" field. * **Testing Instructions:** * "We'll check by
sending a request to this URL with ?class=... added and check if the response
matches the data." (The testing process involves querying the API with class
parameters and verifying the returned data.) **Visual Elements:** * The image
is a screenshot of a screen, likely a developer's workspace. * Windows taskbar
is visible at the bottom, showing icons for Windows Explorer, Edge browser, a
chat application, Visual Studio Code (likely the IDE being used), etc. * The
timestamp "06:54 24-01-2025" is present, indicating the date and time the
screenshot was taken. **In summary:** The image depicts a coding/API testing
scenario where the API response does not match the expected data structure.
The API aims to retrieve student information based on class affiliation, but
the test fails due to the mismatch. The image captures the error message,
expected data format, and relevant instructions. ]image602×222 67.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/c/fcd7353786e475229734f8def393d1cda2048b0b.png
"image")

  
But when I run the url in my browser I got the following response  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Impression:** The image shows a web browser displaying JSON data retrieved
from a local server. The data seems to represent a list of students, with each
student having a 'studentId' and a 'class' designation. **Key Elements:** 1\.
**Browser Window:** * The standard browser elements are visible (back/forward
buttons, address bar, star for bookmarking, and a profile icon). 2\. **Address
Bar:** * The address bar contains the URL:
`127.0.0.1:8000/api?class=6X&class=5T&class=78&class=2Z`. * This URL indicates
a local server (`127.0.0.1:8000`) is being accessed through an API endpoint
`/api`. * The query parameters in the URL suggest filtering based on the
'class' attribute, specifically '6X', '5T', '78', and '2Z'. 3\. **JSON Data:**
* The main body of the browser displays JSON formatted data. * The data
appears to be an array of objects. * Each object represents a student,
containing a 'studentId' (an integer) and a 'class' (a string). * Examples of
student data include: * `{"studentId":67,"class":"6X"}` * `{"studentId":86,
"class":"5T"}` * `{"studentId":187,"class":"78"}` * `{"studentId":471,
"class":"22"}` * `{"studentId":1429,"class":"22"}` 4\. **Footer:** * It
contains icons and dates of windows operating system **In Summary:** The image
shows a developer or user inspecting data fetched from a local API endpoint.
The API is designed to retrieve student data, possibly filtered by class. The
JSON output displays the student IDs and their corresponding class
designations. ]image602×320 48 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/2/3275c782991af68b7160960aa59b153c8e3ee947.png
"image")

  
I have checked both the expected result from the assignment and result from
direct running of url both are same. I don’t find any difference.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) can you clarify where went wrong


---
### NamanBeri (2025-01-24T07:53:36.408Z)

Thank You Now it’s working and I have Done Everything. But just a Question
while doing it last time i had my own webpage for llama open is their any
chance it could made issue even if i was not using it, it was just open.
because this time , before submitting i closed it first, i don’t know why but
just did and it went well.


---
### K Hari Prasath (2025-01-24T08:08:25.705Z)

Can any one help me to fix the following error in respect to answer to
question 10  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a web form or an
interface within a website or application. It presents a series of steps or
instructions, followed by a field for input and an error message. There are
also "Check" and "Save" buttons at the bottom. **Textual Elements:** *
**Instructions:** The image contains the following instructions: * "Download
Llamafile. Run the Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct.Q6\\_K.llamafile model with it." This
suggests that the user needs to download and execute a specific file. *
"Create a tunnel to the Llamafile server using ngrok." This indicates the need
to set up a tunnel using the ngrok service. * "What is the ngrok URL? It might
look like: https://\\[random].ngrok-free.app/" This indicates the user must
find the ngrok URL for the tunnel they created. * **Input Field:** There's a
text input field with the URL "https://6eb1-27-7-78-14.ngrok-free." pre-
filled. This likely expects the user to enter the generated ngrok URL. *
**Error Message:** Below the input field, there's an error message in red:
"Error: Response is not valid JSON: error code: 1016". This suggests there's
an issue with the entered URL, indicating that the response from the server it
points to is not in a valid JSON format. * **Buttons:** * "Check" button
(Green) * "Save" button (Blue) **Graphical Elements:** * The input field is
surrounded by a red border, and there is an information icon to the right side
of the field. **Inferences:** * **Task:** The overall task seems to involve
setting up a server using Llamafile, creating an ngrok tunnel to expose the
server, and then providing the generated ngrok URL to the form. * **Problem:**
The error message suggests that the provided ngrok URL either points to a
server that isn't responding or is returning data in a format other than JSON,
which the system expects. In summary, the image depicts a form where a user is
attempting to provide an ngrok URL for a Llamafile server, but there is an
error due to an invalid JSON response. ]image1326×349 8.53
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/4/d49d43456a7b9072b78390e63753f65ec3512591.png
"image")


---
### Divyasree (2025-01-24T13:44:41.940Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a web page, likely
a tutorial or documentation related to GitHub Actions. It presents
instructions and examples for creating and triggering a GitHub Action. The
theme is dark. **Textual Content & Instructions:** * **Headings:** * "How to
handle secrets in GitHub Actions" * "How to run Github Actions on a Schedule"
* **Instructions:** * "Create a GitHub action on one of your GitHub
repositories. Make sure one of the steps in the action has a name that
contains your email address 23f3001255@ds.study.iitm.ac.in." * "For example:"
* "Trigger the action and make sure it is the most recent action." * "What is
your repository URL? It will look like: https://github.com/USER/REPO" **Code
Snippet:** There's a code block in YAML format, demonstrating a GitHub Actions
workflow: ```yaml jobs: test: steps: \- name: 23f3001255@ds.study.iitm.ac.in
run: echo "Hello, world!" ``` This code defines a job named "test" with a step
that has a name matching an email address (23f3001255@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) and
executes a shell command to print "Hello, world!". **Input Field and Error:**
* There is an input field (highlighted in red) where a repository URL has been
entered: `https://github.com/divya23f3001255/divya.github.io`. * Below the
input field, there's an error message, also highlighted in red: "Error: No
step matches 23f3001255@ds.study.iitm.ac.in". An "i" in a red circle appears
to the right of the URL. **Interpretation:** The user is likely following a
tutorial to set up a GitHub Action. The code snippet shows a correct example
that includes the email address in a step name. The user provided their
repository URL but is encountering an error. The error suggests that there is
a step in the code of the github action that doesn't match the prescribed
email address format. ]image1157×481 16.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/a/2a34b2d9e478fea5ba5eae92a9e55ab8327fcc90.png
"image")

  
can anyone please explain what’s the error and how to correct it ?


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-25T06:10:32.807Z)

Hi Sarang,

This is because image is expected to be in same number of pixels, Can you
mention how you are trying to solve.

I used the web software that’s mentioned in the question to solve.
[Squoosh](https://squoosh.app/)


---
### Shouvik Roy  (2025-01-22T16:01:06.475Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
text, objects, and features: **Overall Layout:** The image shows a screenshot
of what appears to be an online quiz or assessment interface. There's a top
section displaying instructions and quiz information, followed by some user-
specific data, and a bottom section containing technical data, possibly
related to the website's architecture. **Top Section (Quiz Interface):** *
**Header:** The header shows the time "1:59 pm IST", the current score
"5.3/10", and buttons labeled "Check" and "Save." * **Instructions:** A
numbered list provides instructions for taking the quiz: 1\. Learn what you
need. 2\. Check answers regularly by pressing [Check] button. 3\. Save
regularly by pressing [Save] button. 4\. Reloading is OK. 5\. Browser may
struggle. 6\. Use anything. 7\. It's hackable. * **Interactive Element:** A
button saying "Have questions? Join the discussion on Discourse" suggests a
forum or discussion platform linked to the quiz. * **User Information:** The
line "You are logged in as 23F1001348@ds.study.iitm.ac.in" shows the user's
ID/email. * **Recent Saves:** Lists previous save states of the quiz with
timestamps and scores (1/22/2025 1:31:03 PM Score: 8, 1/22/2025 1:30:56 PM
Score: 8, 1/22/2025 1:07:43 PM Score: 7). **Bottom Section (Technical Data):**
* This section shows technical instructions. It's less about the quiz itself
and more about potentially interacting with the system in a more advanced way.
* **Instructions** * Download: Llamafile, Run the Llama 3 8B Instruct.
llimafile model with it. * Create a tunnel to the Llamafile server using
ngrok. * What is the ngrok URL? It might look like: [example].ngrok.free.app *
**JSON Response:** A lengthy JSON response is displayed. The presence of the
JSON response suggests that there's an API being used by the quiz application.
The JSON contains details about various fields, types, constraints, and
potential values associated with different aspects of the quiz or data within
it. **Key Observations & Possible Interpretation:** * The "It's hackable"
instruction is unusual for a standard quiz. It implies that the quiz designers
might be encouraging a degree of exploration or even ethical hacking of the
system (or at least acknowledging that it's possible). * The presence of the
JSON response and instructions to download Llamafile and use ngrok, suggest an
interesting combination of a quiz-like front end and potentially locally
served LLM. ]Untitled design1414×2000 247 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/9/a96004ebde1ba7e706ce91d8bc9452fe842bee16.jpeg
"Untitled design")


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-23T11:57:45.289Z)

Hi Shouvik,

This `ERR_NGROK_3200` error suggests that ngrok tunnel is not active at the
moment.

kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-01-25T07:08:13.117Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Hello Sir, I’m also using Squoosh. The pixel size of the
resulting image is 800 x 600 and the file size is 1,473 bytes. The steps I
used to create the solution image:

  1. Open Squoosh and load the image
  2. In the dropdown in “Compress” section, select “OxiPNG”. Left the other options unchanged (Interlace checkbox is unchecked, Effort is at 2).
  3. The resulting image is downloaded which has same pixel size as original image but file size is 1,473 bytes

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a graphical user
interface (GUI) section, likely from an image editing or compression tool.
It's structured with distinct sections, each addressing a specific image
processing function. **Sections and Features:** 1\. **"Edit" Section:** *
Title: "Edit" displayed in a light blue bar. * "Resize": A label indicating a
resize function. There's a toggle switch next to it, currently switched to the
"on" (right) position. * "Reduce palette": Another label indicating a reduce
palette function. There's a toggle switch next to it, also switched to the
"on" position. 2\. **"Compress" Section:** * Title: "Compress" displayed in a
light blue bar. * **Compression Type:** A dropdown menu is present, currently
set to "OxiPNG". This indicates that OxiPNG is the selected compression
algorithm. * **Interlace:** A checkbox labeled "Interlace." The box is not
checked (it's empty). * **Effort:** A slider labeled "Effort:" along with a
numeric value. The slider appears to be set to a position indicating a value
of "2." 3\. **Compression Result:** * A highlighted arrow with "63%" indicates
the compression ratio, representing a 63% reduction in size. * "1.41 kB"
states the resulting file size after compression. * A circular blue "download"
button is prominently placed, indicating that pressing this button will
initiate the download of the compressed image. **Overall Interpretation:** The
GUI section allows users to edit and compress images. The user has currently
enabled "Resize" and "Reduce palette," and is using the OxiPNG compressor with
an effort level of 2, resulting in a 63% compression and a final file size of
1.41kB. The "Download" button allows the user to download the image.
]image398×570 17.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/c/0c8a9ea412f0d3bc7dd073bfb65399ff83e0c22e.png
"image")

I also tried WebP with “Lossless” option selected and “Effort” increased to 9.
This gives even smaller filesize at just 630 bytes. However, even that image
is not accepted. The selected options for WebP are in the screenshot below.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout:** The image shows a section of a digital interface or app, likely
related to image editing or compression. It's formatted as a menu with several
options. The background is primarily dark gray, with light blue headers and
accents. **Text and Labels:** * **Header:** The top section is labeled "Edit"
in a light blue bar. * **Options:** Below "Edit" are a few togglable features:
* "Resize" with a toggle switch that is set to off * "Reduce palette" with a
toggle switch that is set to off * **Compress Section:** * The header says
"Compress" in a light blue bar. * There is a dropdown menu showing "WebP" as
the selected compression type. * "Lossless" is checked with a checkbox. *
"Effort:" is shown, with a slider set to "9". * "Slight Loss:" is shown, with
a slider set to "0". * "Discrete tone image" is unchecked with a checkbox. *
"Preserve transparent data" is unchecked with a checkbox. **Visual Elements:**
* **Switches:** There are toggle switches that appear to be disabled (set to
off). * **Dropdown:** There is a dropdown box with "WebP" selected. *
**Sliders:** There are sliders, likely to adjust parameters, with values "9"
and "0" respectively. * **Download Button:** In the lower right corner, there
is a large, circular, light blue download button with a white download icon. *
**Percent Reduction:** In the lower left corner, there's a box showing an
"83%" reduction in size. The actual size is 630 B. **Overall Functionality:**
This interface appears to allow users to adjust image compression settings.
They can choose a compression type (WebP), select lossless compression, and
fine-tune the compression level using sliders. The final output will be an
image compressed by 83% down to 630B, and the download button allows them to
save the file. ]image384×707 21.6 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/a/4a7d5c596f894ee35de68b292556e650dadc1c2f.png
"image")


---
### Sarang Tambe (2025-01-25T13:23:13.730Z)

[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) Hello Sir, I was able to submit the correct response now.
Please consider this as solved (unless anyone else is facing similar issue)


---
### Shouvik Roy  (2025-01-25T17:22:48.305Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Contineously showing this sir. Even the server is running on background  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a screen capture of a user interface, likely part of a program or
website related to artificial intelligence or machine learning. The overall
theme is dark, with dark blue and gray tones. Here's a breakdown of the key
elements: **Text Content:** * **"Download Llamafile. Run the
Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct.Q6\\_K.llamafile model with it."** This suggests the
user is being instructed to download and use a specific language model file. *
**"Create a tunnel to the Llamafile server using ngrok."** This indicates that
the user needs to establish a network tunnel using the ngrok tool to access
the Llamafile server. * **"What is the ngrok URL? It might look like:
https://\\[random].ngrok-free.app/"** This is a question prompting the user to
enter the ngrok URL, and provides an example URL format. *
**"https://328e-43-251-171-164.ngrok-free.app/"** This appears to be a user-
inputted ngrok URL. * **"Error: Response is not valid JSON: error code: 524"**
This is an error message, indicating that the server response is not in the
expected JSON format, and includes an error code. **UI Elements:** * **Input
Field:** A highlighted input field contains the ngrok URL. The highlighting
(likely in red) suggests that there might be an issue with the entered URL. *
**Exclamation Icon:** There is an exclamation point icon located inside of a
circle. * **Buttons:** Two buttons are visible at the bottom: "Check" (colored
in green) and "Save" (colored in blue). **Overall Interpretation:** The image
depicts a user who is trying to set up a connection to a Llamafile server
using ngrok. The user has entered an ngrok URL, but the system is returning an
error indicating an issue with the server response. This suggests there might
be problems with the entered URL, the ngrok setup, or the server
itself.]Screenshot 2025-01-25 1917361362×345 11.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/3/6324dbc9043dd53e3c8f16b32eb04547d32a647d.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-25 191736")


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-26T13:05:19.951Z)

for the fast api question, would there be an issue if i am using code spaces
my url would look like  
<https://symmetrical-space-cod-wrrjw5rw6xv7hvj9p-8000.app.github.dev/api>  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

Error is  
TypeError: Failed to fetch

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Text and Instructions:** * The image contains instructions for building a
FastAPI API. * It specifies the behavior of the API when the URL includes a
`class` query parameter: the API should filter and return students belonging
to the specified classes. It also mentions the order in which students should
be returned (as they appear in the CSV file). * The instructions emphasize
enabling CORS to allow GET requests from any origin. * The image asks for the
API URL endpoint. The text states that an example endpoint might look like
`http://127.0.0.1:8000/api`. * The image mentions that the system will check
the URL by sending a request with `?class=...` and verifying the returned
data. **Input Field and Error:** * There is a partially filled text input
field. The typed text is obscured with a blue rectangle, but the letter "h" is
visible as the starting character. * An error message `TypeError: Failed to
fetch` appears below the input field, indicating an issue with the submitted
URL. A warning icon appears in the input field. **Overall:** The image is a
screenshot of a coding task or challenge. It provides specific instructions
for building a FastAPI API with certain functionalities, especially concerning
filtering students based on class and enabling CORS. The "Failed to fetch"
error suggests that the user's provided API URL has encountered a problem
during a test request. ]Screenshot 2025-01-26 1842041661×452 47.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/6/960e9bb2bc6cea2116d5b841dc41657aefe20aa3.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-26 184204")

I’m leaving the url running, you can see you get a dummy response(clicking the
link), how should i go about it. I’d prefer to use codespaces. Please help me

No problems, I got it , SOLUTION just made the port public


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-26T15:21:40.326Z)

for the tunneling, i am currently unable to do it has the ports are
mismatched, I’m still working on the issue, but using codespaces and public
ports i’ve achieved similar results and the question is marked right. Is this
wrong/unethical. I will try to tunnel using ngrok though  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Overall:**
The image is a screenshot of what appears to be a programming tutorial or
interactive learning interface. It provides instructions and asks a question
that the user has successfully answered. **Text:** * **"Download Llamafile.
Run the Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct.Q6 K.llamafile model with it."** - This is an
instruction to download and run a specific type of large language model (LLM)
using Llamafile, a tool designed for running LLMs locally. * **"Create a
tunnel to the Llamafile server using ngrok."** - This instruction asks the
user to create a tunnel to the Llamafile server. Ngrok is a tool that allows
you to expose a local server to the internet. * **"What is the ngrok URL? It
might look like: https://\\[random].ngrok-free.app/"** - This is the question
being asked. It requests the user to provide the ngrok URL that was generated
after creating the tunnel. * **"Correct"** - This indicates that the user's
answer to the question (the ngrok URL) was correct. **Other Elements:** *
**Covered Text Input:** There's a large black bar covering the input box where
the user presumably entered the ngrok URL. The presence of this black bar
suggests privacy concerns regarding exposure of a publically facing URL. *
**Visual style:** The background is a dark blue/gray color. The text is white
or light gray. This is a common visual style for code editors, command-line
interfaces, or developer tools. **In summary:** The image documents a step in
a process where a user sets up and accesses a locally hosted language model
using Llamafile and ngrok. ]Screenshot 2025-01-26 204950897×267 20.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/9/d9bc5c023064f2ab3146c1a89b247afd6555a013.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-26 204950")


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-27T03:45:34.373Z)

[@23f1002382](/u/23f1002382)

Nothing unethical about using codespaces and public ports. You solved it.
Thats what TDS is about. Solutions. How you achieved is not very relevant.
There is more than one way to skin a cat.

That being said, it good to find multiple ways to solve a problem, because a
single method may not work everytime. Like for example in an ROE. You have no
time and you got to be able to on the fly try different approaches, if one way
does not work. Also purely from the point of view of being a “scientist”, its
fun to be able to solve the question of how do you get a locally running
server available on the web to a client. So in that sense, I understand the
“spirit of your question”.

Most of the issues that most people face has to do with limited understanding
of how applications and networks communicate. These are first and foremost
apps that leverage various aspects of network communication. There are entire
courses that deal with that subject, we want you to at least understand the
basics. In that regard we have not actually provided you sufficient materials
to get to grips with that. It is something we ought to address, but then
students complain about having to learn too many things. Yet these are basic
essentials!

So we are trying to get the balance right. For the most part many just muddle
their way through it (like most of us I suspect), but some structured
understanding of how these communications happen are probably worth their
weight in gold for any aspiring data scientist because you then do not have to
get IT nannies to deploy something quickly and you will wow your bosses as the
guy/gal who just gets it done.

In the meanwhile:

[ [Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout:** The image is a composite graphic, likely a thumbnail or a visual aid
for a presentation or video about network ports. It combines text, a depiction
of a computer system, and a server rack illustration. The background is a
gradient of blue and green. **Text Elements:** * **"PORTS EXPLAINED"**: Large,
bold, white text with a black shadow effect occupies the top-left portion of
the image. "PORTS" is stacked above "EXPLAINED," and both words are prominent
and eye-catching. * **"DESCRIPTION" and "PORT NUMBER"**: These labels are
repeated in two columns, indicating a list of common network ports and their
corresponding numbers. * **List of Port Numbers and Descriptions:** * FTP: 21
* SSH: 22 * TELNET: 23 * MTP: 25 * NS: 53 * FTP: 69 * TTP: 80 * OP3: 110 * QL:
118 * RP: 123 * NETBIOS: 137 * IMAP4: 143 * BFTP: 152 * SGMP: 153 * SNMP: 161
* BGMP: 264 * LDAP: 389 * UPS: 401 * SLP: 427 * HTTPS: 443 * RPC: 530 * RDP:
3389 * **"ANIMATED"**: In large, bold, white text with green shadow and a
horizontal green light effect across the bottom. **Visual Elements:** *
**Computer System:** A stylized illustration of a desktop computer, with a
monitor and a base unit, occupies the lower-left portion. The monitor screen
is filled with a solid green color. The base unit is labeled "POWERCERT" on
the bottom. * **Server Rack:** An image of a stylized server rack is located
on the right side of the image. The rack contains various panels displaying
information, including IP addresses (255.255.0.0), and server status. *
**Server Panel Display:** Displays many functions of a server, including IP
Address, LAN Status, Fan RPM, Temperature, Disk Status, and Networking Status.
The display uses green neon for most of the information displays. **Overall
Impression:** The image serves as an introductory graphic for content related
to network ports. The use of bright colors, bold text, and visual elements
such as the computer system and server rack create a visually engaging and
informative piece. The "ANIMATED" label suggests the content may involve
dynamic or illustrative explanations. ]
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2fT-g9PX9o)

[ [Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a digitally created graphic likely intended to
explain or illustrate the concept of a firewall in cybersecurity. It uses
visual metaphors to depict the firewall's function of protecting a system from
hackers and malicious attacks. **Text:** * **"FIREWALL"**: The word "FIREWALL"
appears twice in the image. Once at the top in large, bold white letters with
a blue and black background. It also appears on the side of the brick wall in
white text that is rotated 90 degrees. * **"EXPLAINED"**: This word is
positioned below "FIREWALL" in smaller, bold white letters, further indicating
the purpose of the image is informational. * **"HACKER"**: The word "HACKER"
is written in red on the black figure that represents the hacker. **Objects
and Features:** * **Brick Wall:** A stylized, three-dimensional red brick wall
takes up a significant portion of the right side of the image. This symbolizes
the firewall itself, acting as a barrier. The word "FIREWALL" is written
vertically along one side of the wall. * **Hacker Figure:** A dark, shadowy
figure representing a hacker is positioned on the left. The figure is dressed
in black with a wide-brimmed hat, and the eyes are obscured. The word "HACKER"
is written on the figure. * **Laptop:** A laptop is situated in front of the
hacker figure. The laptop screen displays abstract code or data, suggesting
the system being targeted. The screen is predominantly blue. * **Skulls:**
Three orange cartoonish skulls with crossbones are positioned between the
laptop and the firewall. These represent the "malicious" or dangerous elements
(e.g., viruses, attacks) that the firewall is designed to block.
**Background:** The background features a gradient of blue and green, possibly
to create a sense of depth and visual interest. **Style and Tone:** The image
has a clear, illustrative style, with bold colors and simple shapes. The tone
is slightly dramatic, conveying the seriousness of cybersecurity threats. ]
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDEX1HXybrU)

[ [Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Composition:** The image is a comparison or contrast between Virtual Machines
(VMs) and Containers in a computing context. It's likely from an animated
educational video or presentation. The background features a green and blue
gradient. **Text Elements:** * **VMS VS CONTAINERS:** The dominant text, in
large, bold white font, establishes the central theme of comparing VMs and
Containers. The "VS" is smaller and between the two words. * **ANIMATED:**
Located at the bottom center in a smaller, green font, indicating the source
is an animation. * **POWERCERT:** Printed near the top center of the container
cluster. * **EMAIL, WEBSERVER, DATABASE, VIRTUAL MACHINES:** Labeled on the
virtual machine clusters. * **APPLICATION, CONTAINERS:** Labeled on the
container cluster. **Visual Elements:** * **Virtual Machines (VMs)
Representation:** * A series of three racks or clusters are depicted on the
left side, symbolizing virtual machines. * The servers have generic displays
showing "EMAIL," "WEBSERVER," and "DATABASE," along with "VIRTUAL MACHINES."
This represents VMs running distinct operating systems and applications. * The
racks appear to be stacked or arranged to represent multiple VMs running
simultaneously. * **Containers Representation:** * A tall, black rack with
brightly colored lights and a sleek, modern design is shown on the right,
representing containers. * The containers are labeled with "APPLICATION" above
a visual display. * The bottom of the rack is labeled as "CONTAINERS." *
**Computer Monitor:** * A computer monitor showing the Windows desktop.
**Interpretation:** The image appears to be a visual aid explaining the
differences between VMs and Containers. It likely aims to showcase the more
self-contained and efficient nature of Containers (modern looking rack) in
contrast to the more resource-intensive Virtual Machines (virtual machines).
The word “Animated” suggests this is a frame from a video presentation.]
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyNBf1sqdBQ)

There are other great videos on the above channel, but these are probably the
most relevant for us. Modern applications also leverage the same concept by
using ports to talk to each other and provide services. These then have to be
made visible to the outside world using some routing tables, but there are
software that does this automagically. But sometimes when things break,
understanding why its not working will go a long way towards helping you find
the solution. And a fix might be as simple as an entry on a firewall or on a
routing table (a one line CLI fix). And everyone thinks you are a genius, when
in actual fact you just know a little bit more about the underlying
architecture that glues everything.

Kind regards


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-27T04:20:07.358Z)

thank you. you have no idea how much this helps sir


---
### Shalini Saravanan (2025-01-27T13:16:28.130Z)

Once i close my local llm and close the nrgrok URL (after entering the answer
and the answer being correct), the next time I refresh or check the answer in
the Ga2 site, q10 gets marked wrong. I have to redo the entire process for it
to be correct again.

Can you clarify why this is happening?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-27T13:25:22.133Z)

because it dynamically checks the answer each time a submit is done and if the
ngrok tunnel and the service is not running at the time, then it marks it
wrong.

Since every student’s answer is going to be unique (unlike a mathematics
question), by necessity we have to dynamically check the answer each submit.

The workaround to prevent having to do it all over again, is to simply check
all your answers that do not need active running servers first, then before
doing a final save, run the servers for the required questions and the ngrok
tunnel and submit to get the full marks.

Just dont forget that your last save is what gets graded. Just ignore for now
once you got it working. Solve all the other ones first and then for the final
submission “get all your ducks in a row.”

Kind regards


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-27T21:19:10.943Z)

hi [@23f2003853](/u/23f2003853)

I think you are running your application server inside a virtual machine
because of which it doesn’t have visibility to outside world(request coming
from other domains). So you would need to identify ipaddress of your virtual
machine and would need to use that in place of `127.0.0.1`. Take help from GPT
to identify ipaddress of virtual machine.


---
### Shalini Saravanan (2025-01-27T19:14:05.883Z)

Hello Sir,

I’ve been working on question 6 and I’m facing this error where the marks are
not ordered properly. I believe my code appends the marks based on the names
that are inputted in the backend but I’m unable to identify the source of this
issue. Please shed some light on the same.  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a section of code or a configuration interface, likely related to
setting up a web application. The background is dark gray. The primary content
includes text prompts and an error message. **Text and Prompts:** * "Make sure
you enable CORS to allow GET requests from any origin." This indicates that
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) needs to be configured to allow requests
from different domains. * "What is the Vercel URL? It should look like:
https://your-app.vercel.app/api" This is a prompt asking for a Vercel URL,
with an example URL provided. **Input Field:** * There's a highlighted input
field where a Vercel URL is entered. The entered URL is
"https://new1-ivory.vercel.app/api". **Error Message:** * "Error: Expected
[73,73,53,63,61] but got [73,53,61,63,73]" This error suggests that the input
URL is not in the expected format. The numbers in brackets likely represent
some sort of encoding or character representation and there is a mismatch.
This is a checksum error and is likely not human readable. In summary, the
image shows a configuration step where a Vercel URL is required. An error is
being thrown because the entered URL does not match the expected format or
checksum. ]image858×234 14.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/4/84d6ec605d548610f622bc5a7fa4b8707d345dc3.png
"image")

Thanks and Regards  
Shalini


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-27T21:09:02.560Z)

Hi Shalini,

I deployed my code with your dataset and checked and checked answers for your
dataset, so there is no errors in backend.

Since you are getting some output, it won’t help to look up to logs from
vercel, just check your code if it’s logically correct.

Kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Shalini Saravanan (2025-01-28T02:06:56.083Z)

[[Image description: The image shows a Python code snippet for a simple HTTP
server handler that processes GET and OPTIONS requests. Here's a breakdown:
**Overall Structure:** * The code defines a class `handler` that inherits from
`BaseHTTPRequestHandler`. This class handles HTTP requests. * It implements
`do_GET` and `do_OPTIONS` methods to handle GET and OPTIONS requests
respectively. **`do_GET` Method:** 1\. **CORS Headers:** The method first sets
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) headers to allow requests from any
origin. This is crucial for web applications accessing the server from
different domains. * `Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *` allows requests from all
origins. * `Access-Control-Allow-Methods: GET, OPTIONS` specifies allowed HTTP
methods. * `Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Content-Type` allows the "Content-
Type" header. * `Content-type: application/json` sets the content type to
JSON. 2\. **JSON Data Loading:** * It gets the directory path of the current
file. * It constructs the path to a JSON file named "q-vercel-python.json"
located one directory level above the current file. * It opens the JSON file
and loads its content into the `data` variable. 3\. **Query Parameter
Parsing:** * It parses the query string from the URL using `urlparse` and
`parse_qs`. * It extracts the value of the 'name' query parameter. If the
'name' parameter is not present, it defaults to an empty list `[]`. 4\.
**Input Validation:** * It checks if the `names` list is empty. If so, it
means the 'name' query parameter was not provided. * It sends an error
response with the message "Please provide a 'name' query parameter" as a JSON
object. * It then returns to prevent further processing. 5\. **Data
Processing:** * It initializes an empty list called `marks`. * It iterates
through the `data` (which contains the parsed JSON content). * For each entry
in `data`, it checks if the 'name' key exists in the `names` list (from the
query parameter). * If a match is found, it appends the value associated with
the 'marks' key in that entry to the `marks` list. 6\. **Response
Generation:** * After processing all entries, it constructs a JSON response. *
If `marks` is not empty (meaning matching names were found), the response is a
JSON object with a key "marks" and its value is the `marks` list. * If `marks`
is empty (no matching names were found), the response is a JSON object with a
key "error" and the value "Name not found". 7\. **Sending the Response:** *
The `response` is converted to JSON using `json.dumps()`. * It's encoded to
UTF-8. * The encoded JSON is written to the response body using
`self.wfile.write()`. **`do_OPTIONS` Method:** * This method handles HTTP
OPTIONS requests, which are typically sent by browsers as part of CORS
preflight requests. * It sets the same CORS headers as the `do_GET` method to
allow cross-origin requests. **Key Features & Functionality:** * **CORS
Support:** The code implements CORS to enable cross-origin requests, which are
common in web development. * **Query Parameter Handling:** It extracts and
processes the 'name' query parameter. * **JSON Data Processing:** It reads
data from a JSON file and uses it to generate responses. * **Error Handling:**
It checks for missing query parameters and provides appropriate error
responses. * **Data Retrieval:** It retrieves 'marks' data based on the
provided 'name' query parameter. In essence, this code creates a simple API
endpoint that takes a 'name' as a query parameter, searches a JSON file for
entries matching that name, and returns the associated 'marks' if found. If no
matching name is found or if the 'name' parameter is missing, it returns an
error message in JSON format. ]image871×900 40.7
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/7/371cbe5841fecb6f2b1f1ef4a5341258db49eda3.png
"image")

  
Here is my code. Could you please help me identify any issues or clarify where
I might be going wrong?


---
### K Hari Prasath (2025-01-29T08:09:55.322Z)

Till yesterday I was able to login ngrok. But today it shows some error  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a screenshot of a web browser window, specifically
showing a page from the website "ngrok" during a Multi-Factor Authentication
(MFA) setup process. There's an error message indicating that the MFA
verification failed. **Elements within the Browser Window:** * **Title Bar:**
* Displays various open tabs: "Home - Google", "Copy of week3", "My
Dashboard", "Graded Assign", "ngrok - Online", "Introducing Cha", "Token Count
Var", and a new tab (represented by a "+"). * Includes standard browser
controls (back, forward, refresh buttons) and the URL address bar. The current
URL is "dashboard.ngrok.com/login/mfa/setup". * The top right corner has the
browser customization options ("Customize and control Google Chrome"). *
**ngrok Content:** * The main part of the screenshot shows the ngrok website.
* The ngrok logo ("ngrok") is prominently displayed at the top. * **Device
Activation Section:** * A section labeled "Device Activation" is present. * It
contains the text "Enter the code displayed on your device." * A text input
field shows the code: "4VZTALOCF43MBSGDR63ZL7THHK4BO6I3". * There are two
buttons: "Continue" (blue) and "Back to QR Code" (link style). * A cautionary
statement reads: "ngrok staff will never ask you to enter a code on this
page." * **Error Message:** * An error popup is displayed: "Error" with a red
"X" icon. * The error message states: "The information supplied for MFA
verification was invalid." * **Bottom of Page:** * "Made with <3 by ngrok"
text. * "Privacy Preferences" link. * **Windows Taskbar:** * Shows the Windows
start button and a search bar. * Icons for various open applications (File
Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Teams, etc.). * The date and time are
displayed as "13:31 29/01/2025" * **Windows Activation Notice:** * The bottom
right corner shows an "Activate Windows" watermark, indicating Windows is not
activated. **Key Features and Observations:** * **MFA Setup:** The user is in
the process of setting up Multi-Factor Authentication on their ngrok account.
* **Error State:** The MFA verification failed, likely because the entered
code was incorrect, expired, or for some other reason deemed invalid. *
**Security Reminder:** The "ngrok staff will never ask you to enter a code on
this page" message suggests that users should be wary of potential phishing
attempts. * **Unactivated Windows:** The "Activate Windows" watermark
indicates the operating system is not fully licensed. In summary, the image
captures a failed MFA verification attempt during an ngrok setup process,
highlighting the importance of accurate code entry and security awareness.
]image1366×768 69.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/d/4d320e059a675e515513fffdd73cd3fab680ca5f.png
"image")

  
can anyone guide me to fix it


---
### Arnav Raj  (2025-01-29T16:43:46.542Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand)  
Sir I am facing some err in Q10 of GA2,  
Kindly look at the error :

    
    
    Error: Response is not valid JSON: <!DOCTYPE html> <!--[if lt IE 7]> <html class="no-js ie6 oldie" lang="en-US"> <![endif]--> <!--[if IE 7]> <html class="no-js ie7 oldie" lang="en-US"> <![endif]--> <!--[if IE 8]> <html class="no-js ie8 oldie" lang="en-US"> <![endif]--> <!--[if gt IE 8]><!--> <html class="no-js" lang="en-US"> <!--<![endif]--> <head> <title>Worker threw exception | exam.sanand.workers.dev | Cloudflare</title> <meta charset="UTF-8" /> <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /> <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=Edge" /> <meta name="robots" content="noindex, nofollow" /> <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1" /> <link rel="stylesheet" id="cf_styles-css" href="/cdn-cgi/styles/cf.errors.css" /> <!--[if lt IE 9]><link rel="stylesheet" id='cf_styles-ie-css' href="/cdn-cgi/styles/cf.errors.ie.css" /><![endif]--> <style>body{margin:0;padding:0}</style> <!--[if gte IE 10]><!--> <script> if (!navigator.cookieEnabled) { window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function () { var cookieEl = document.getElementById('cookie-alert'); cookieEl.style.display = 'block'; }) } </script> <!--<![endif]--> </head> <body> <div id="cf-wrapper"> <div class="cf-alert cf-alert-error cf-cookie-error" id="cookie-alert" data-translate="enable_cookies">Please enable cookies.</div> <div id="cf-error-details" class="cf-error-details-wrapper"> <div class="cf-wrapper cf-header cf-error-overview"> <h1> <span class="cf-error-type" data-translate="error">Error</span> <span class="cf-error-code">1101</span> <small class="heading-ray-id">Ray ID: 909a71f6cd160dfb &bull; 2025-01-29 16:02:11 UTC</small> </h1> <h2 class="cf-subheadline" data-translate="error_desc">Worker threw exception</h2> </div><!-- /.header --> <section></section><!-- spacer --> <div class="cf-section cf-wrapper"> <div class="cf-columns two"> <div class="cf-column"> <h2 data-translate="what_happened">What happened?</h2> <p>You've requested a page on a website (exam.sanand.workers.dev) that is on the <a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/5xx-error-landing/" target="_blank">Cloudflare</a> network. An unknown error occurred while rendering the page.</p> </div> <div class="cf-column"> <h2 data-translate="what_can_i_do">What can I do?</h2> <p><strong>If you are the owner of this website:</strong><br />you should <a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/login?utm_source=error_100x" target="_blank">login to Cloudflare</a> and check the error logs for exam.sanand.workers.dev.</p> </div> </div> </div><!-- /.section --> <div class="cf-error-footer cf-wrapper w-240 lg:w-full py-10 sm:py-4 sm:px-8 mx-auto text-center sm:text-left border-solid border-0 border-t border-gray-300"> <p class="text-13"> <span class="cf-footer-item sm:block sm:mb-1">Cloudflare Ray ID: <strong class="font-semibold">909a71f6cd160dfb</strong></span> <span class="cf-footer-separator sm:hidden">&bull;</span> <span id="cf-footer-item-ip" class="cf-footer-item hidden sm:block sm:mb-1"> Your IP: <button type="button" id="cf-footer-ip-reveal" class="cf-footer-ip-reveal-btn">Click to reveal</button> <span class="hidden" id="cf-footer-ip">2409:40d2:2f:a936:5428:2d9:376:5dcb</span> <span class="cf-footer-separator sm:hidden">&bull;</span> </span> <span class="cf-footer-item sm:block sm:mb-1"><span>Performance &amp; security by</span> <a rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://www.cloudflare.com/5xx-error-landing" id="brand_link" target="_blank">Cloudflare</a></span> </p> <script>(function(){function d(){var b=a.getElementById("cf-footer-item-ip"),c=a.getElementById("cf-footer-ip-reveal");b&&"classList"in b&&(b.classList.remove("hidden"),c.addEventListener("click",function(){c.classList.add("hidden");a.getElementById("cf-footer-ip").classList.remove("hidden")}))}var a=document;document.addEventListener&&a.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded",d)})();</script> </div><!-- /.error-footer --> </div><!-- /#cf-error-details --> </div><!-- /#cf-wrapper --> <script> window._cf_translation = {}; </script> </body> </html>
    

[[Image description: The image shows a screen displaying instructions for
using Llamafile and ngrok. Here's a detailed description: * **Text
Instructions:** * "Download Llamafile. Run the
Llama-3.2-18-Instruct.06.K.llamafile model with it." * "Create a tunnel to the
Llamafile server using ngrok." * "What is the ngrok URL? It might look like:
https://\\[random].ngrok-free.app/" * **ngrok URL:** A text box contains a
URL: "https://fd8c-2405-201-6808-a99e-871-6b1a-adb9-36c5.ngrok-free.app/" *
**Error icon:** An error icon next to the text box. In essence, the image
provides steps to set up Llamafile and create a tunnel using ngrok. It also
presents a sample ngrok URL, along with an error icon.]image1632×218 19.1
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/f/4f17ff7dd29604ac205f09f79afc4dd87598d94b.png
"image")


---
### Adithya S (2025-01-29T16:50:48.340Z)

[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)  
Sir I am getting this “TypeError: Load failed” for Q9 inspite of getting
proper responses in “<http://127.0.0.1:8000/api>”, cors is also enabled.
Please help me with this, I am finding it difficult to circumvent this.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Context:** The image shows a section of a user interface, likely for
a development or testing environment related to a FastAPI application. It
seems to be prompting the user to input the URL of their FastAPI API endpoint.
**Text Elements:** * **"Make sure you enable CORS to allow GET requests from
any origin."** This is a crucial reminder for developers. CORS (Cross-Origin
Resource Sharing) is a security mechanism that browsers use to restrict web
pages from making requests to a different domain than the one which served the
web page. When building an API that will be accessed from a web application
running on a different domain, CORS needs to be configured properly on the API
server. * **"What is the API URL endpoint for FastAPI? It might look like:
http://127.0.0.1:8000/api"** This is the question prompt, specifically asking
for the URL of the FastAPI API. The example URL suggests a local development
environment where the API might be running on the developer's machine. *
**"http://127.0.0.1:8000/ap"** This appears to be the user's partially entered
URL in a text input field. The "i" is missing from the end. * **"TypeError:
Load failed"** This indicates that there was an error when trying to load the
API URL. * **"We'll check by sending a request to this URL with ?class=...
added and check if the response matches the data."** This explains how the
system will validate the entered URL. It will send a request with a query
parameter "?class=..." and then verify that the API returns the expected data.
**Visual Elements:** * **Input field:** The text input field shows that the
user can type in the API URL. * **Dark Theme:** The UI has a dark color
scheme. * **Error Indicator:** There is a small error icon inside the input
box. **Inference:** Based on the information, the user is in the process of
configuring a FastAPI API endpoint within this interface. The system is
designed to validate the entered URL by sending a test request. The
"TypeError: Load failed" suggests that the entered URL is currently invalid or
unreachable, likely because it's incomplete or there's an issue with the API
server. Also the CORS requirement may be blocking the load if the API is not
accessible from the current domain. ]Screenshot 2025-01-29 at 10.08.58
PM2618×366 47 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/9/892ed4a18e7b6c803614c17c1182add147b8ba43.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-29 at 10.08.58 PM")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Context** The image appears to be a screenshot of a computer screen,
likely a web browser window or an application displaying code or data. The
screenshot has captured the top part of a window and a line of code or data at
the bottom. **Top Part of the Window** * **Browser Controls:** On the left,
there are standard browser window controls (close, minimize, maximize) and
navigation buttons (back arrow, refresh). A Google icon is also visible,
indicating the use of Google Chrome. * **URL:** A URL "127.0.0.1" is
displayed. This is a standard loopback address used for local host testing. *
**Browser Tabs:** Two other tabs are visible: "Tools in Data Sc..." and "TDS
2025 Jan G...". This suggests the user is working with data science tools or a
project related to "TDS 2025" (likely a project or course with a deadline or
date). **Bottom Part of the Window** * **JSON Data:** The main content of the
image is a JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) string. This data structure
likely represents information about students. * **Data Structure:** The JSON
appears to have a top-level key "students". The value associated with
"students" is an array of objects. Each object within the array represents a
student. * **Student Information:** Each student object has two key-value
pairs: * `"studentId"`: A numerical ID for the student (e.g., 34, 453, 551,
829, 1309, 1795). * `"class"`: A string indicating the student's class (all
students shown belong to "1A"). **In summary, the image shows a snippet of
JSON data representing a list of students, their IDs, and their class, within
the context of a web browser window likely being used for data science or a
project with a deadline in January 2025.** ]22234×188 34.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/c/0c11db0fa2df2a03abbdece93359f6efb734cfdf.png
"2")


---
### Maheshwar Ture (2025-01-30T03:09:31.697Z)

After checking few times now i started getting below error please help  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content: The
image appears to be a screenshot of a web page or application interface
related to using Llamafile and ngrok. **Textual Content:** * **"Download
Llamafile. Run the Llama-3.2-18-Instruct.06 K.llamafile model with it."** This
indicates the user is expected to download and use the Llamafile model. *
**"Create a tunnel to the Llamafile server using ngrok."** This suggests the
user needs to set up a tunnel using ngrok to access the Llamafile server. *
**"What is the ngrok URL? It might look like: https://\\[random].ngrok-
free.app/"** This is a prompt for the user to enter the ngrok URL. The example
gives a template of what the URL should look like. *
**"https://02f4-2402-e280-3e32-27f-4b0-6f91-4275-52f3.ngrok-free.app"** This
is the user's entered ngrok URL. * **"Error: Response is not valid JSON: error
code: 524"** This indicates that the system received an invalid JSON response
with an error code 524. **Objects and Features:** * The text is presented in a
standard web page format. * The URL
"https://02f4-2402-e280-3e32-27f-4b0-6f91-4275-52f3.ngrok-free.app" is
enclosed in a text box/input field. * The error message is highlighted by its
red text color. **Overall Interpretation:** The image shows a user attempting
to use Llamafile with an ngrok tunnel. The user has entered the ngrok URL but
is receiving an error indicating that the response from the server is not
valid JSON, with error code 524. This suggests there is an issue with the
server-side configuration or data being returned from the Llamafile server via
the ngrok tunnel. ]image1348×352 21.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/0/c086b32da58a6f979a3e250d2355e9e485531108.png
"image")


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-01-29T21:24:13.303Z)

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Overall:**
The image shows a task or question on a coding/development platform. The user
seems to be building a Python application and deploying it to Vercel. The task
focuses on creating an API endpoint that returns student marks based on the
names provided in the URL. **Key Elements:** * **Title/Context:** "Tue Sun, 2
Feb, 2025, 11:59 pm IST Score: 8/10 Check Save". This indicates the date,
time, score, and save option of the platform. * **Task Instructions:** *
"Download this `q-vercel-python.json` which has the marks of 100 imaginary
students." This file is likely a JSON file containing student names and their
associated marks. * "Create and deploy a Python app to Vercel. Expose an API
so that when a request like `https://your-app.vercel.app/api?name=X&name=Y` is
made, it returns a JSON response with the marks of the names X and Y like
this:" * `{"marks": [10, 20]}` This shows the expected JSON response format: a
dictionary with a key "marks" and a list of two marks as the value. * "Make
sure you enable CORS to allow GET requests from any origin." This is a
security requirement for the API. * **Question:** "What is the Vercel URL? It
should look like: `https://your-app.vercel.app/api`" The user needs to provide
the URL of their deployed Vercel application's API endpoint. * **User's
Answer:** `https://vercel-project-three-liard.vercel.app/api` This is the URL
the user has entered. * **Error Message:** "Error: Expected \\[35,71,83,96,95]
but got \\[null,null,null,null,null]" This means the API endpoint, given the
student names in the test case, *should* have returned the marks \\[35, 71,
83, 96, 95], but instead returned `[null,null,null,null,null]`. This indicates
an issue with how the API is retrieving or handling the data. **In summary:**
The user is building a Python API that should look up and return student marks
based on names in a URL query. They've deployed it to Vercel, but the API
isn't returning the correct data. The error message is crucial, as it
indicates the *expected* output and the *actual* output. It means that there
is a problem with how the API is structured and is likely not processing the
names. ]Screenshot 2025-01-30 0247232634×1189 196
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/4/74e4e11a1f5342063d38b0e44076c26b7a5776b9.png
"Screenshot 2025-01-30 024723")

Please anyone who have done these kindly guide me. As in Q6 i am unable to
fetch values it is giving null all time.  
and in Q9 how can I use class as variable name ?


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-01-30T04:06:53.137Z)

[@22f2000113](/u/22f2000113) Please watch last night’s session where we
cleared similar doubts. (Will be available at 2025-01-30T05:30:00Z)

[TDS You Tube
Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_h5u1jMeBCl1BquBhgunA4t08XAxsA-C)

Error 524 Indicates a server timeout (i.e its taking too long to get a
response from your server).

We have shown various ways to debug ngrok.

Kind regards


---
### 23F3002987 J SRI BALAJI PRABHU (2025-01-30T05:49:44.346Z)

iN QUESTION NO 2 is it enough to upload the output image… Everytime we reload
the page it disappears. How to answer it?


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-01-30T08:03:04.204Z)

I have solved the question and when i enter the answer its showing me
incorrect, sir could you please help me out. I am attaching the images of my
code and the tds

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text and features relevant to answering questions: **Overall
Structure:** The image presents a coding problem within a Google Colab
environment. It's a task involving image manipulation using libraries like
NumPy, PIL (Pillow), Google Colab's file upload utility, and `colorsys`. The
task requires debugging a code snippet, running it, and providing the
numerical result. **Specific Text and Code Snippets:** 1\. **Problem
Statement:** * "Use an Image Library in Google Colab (0.5 marks)" * "Download
this image. Create a new Google Colab notebook and run this code (after fixing
brightness:" 2\. **Code:** * `import numpy as np` * `from PIL import Image` *
`from google.colab import files` * `import colorsys` * `# There is a mistake
in the line below. Fix it` * `image =
Image.open(list(files.upload().keys)[0])` * `rgb = np.array(image) / 255.0` *
`lightness = np.apply_along_axis(lambda x: colorsys.rgb_to_hls(*x)[1], 2,
rgb)` * `light_pixels = np.sum(lightness > 0.219)` * `print(f'Number of pixels
with lightness > 0.219: {light_pixels}')` 3\. **Task and Input:** * "What is
the result? (It should be a number)" * "248985" (The user's incorrect attempt)
* "Incorrect. Try again." **Key Observations and Hints:** * **Debugging:** The
code contains a marked error in the line loading the image: `image =
Image.open(list(files.upload().keys)[0])`. * **Goal:** The objective is to
calculate the number of pixels in the image that have a lightness value
greater than 0.219. The lightness is derived from the RGB values using the
`colorsys.rgb_to_hls` function. * **Incorrect Answer:** The attempt of
"248985" was marked as incorrect. **In summary, the image presents a task that
involves uploading an image to Google Colab, running a corrected code snippet
that converts RGB image data to HLS, calculates pixel lightness, and counts
the pixels exceeding a certain lightness threshold.** ]image847×696 34.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/4/d43c8d8aa47556a0ed777992bfc442db01f9e2e1.png
"image")


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-01-30T08:03:42.482Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image shows a screenshot of a Python code snippet within a code editor
environment. It appears to be running in a Google Colab notebook. The code
performs image processing, specifically analyzing the lightness of pixels in
an image. **Code Breakdown:** * **Import Statements:** * `import numpy as np`:
Imports the NumPy library for numerical operations (aliased as `np`). * `from
PIL import Image`: Imports the `Image` module from the Python Imaging Library
(PIL) for image manipulation. * `from google.colab import files`: Imports the
`files` module from the `google.colab` package, likely for uploading files
(images) within the Colab environment. * `import colorsys`: Imports the
`colorsys` module for color conversions. * **File Upload and Image Loading:**
* `uploaded=files.upload()`: Uses the `files.upload()` function to allow the
user to upload a file (presumably an image). The result is stored in the
`uploaded` variable. * `image = Image.open(list(uploaded.keys())[0])`: Opens
the uploaded image using `Image.open()`. It gets the name of the uploaded file
from the `uploaded` dictionary's keys and selects the first one. * **Image
Processing:** * `rgb = np.array(image) / 255.0`: Converts the image to a NumPy
array (stored in `rgb`) and normalizes the RGB values by dividing them by
255.0 (to get values between 0 and 1). * `lightness =
np.apply_along_axis(lambda x: colorsys.rgb_to_hls(*x)[1], 2, rgb)`: This is
the core processing step. It applies a lambda function to each pixel (along
axis 2, representing the RGB values). The lambda function converts the RGB
values of the pixel to HLS (Hue, Lightness, Saturation) using
`colorsys.rgb_to_hls()`. It extracts the lightness component (index `[1]`)
from the HLS tuple. The result is an array `lightness` containing the
lightness value of each pixel. * `light_pixels = np.sum(lightness >= 0.219)`:
Counts the number of pixels in the image that have a lightness value greater
than or equal to 0.219. It creates a boolean array where `True` corresponds to
pixels that meet the lightness criteria, then sums the `True` values (which
are treated as 1). * **Output:** * `print(f'Number of pixels with lightness >
0.219: {light_pixels}')`: Prints the number of pixels that have a lightness
value greater than 0.219 using an f-string for formatting. **Terminal
Output/Logs:** * `Choose Files lenna.webp`: Indicates the file `lenna.webp`
has been selected for upload. * `lenna.webp (image/webp) - 14820 bytes, last
modified: 1/30/2025 - 100% done`: Shows information about the uploaded file
(size, modification date, and upload status). * `Saving lenna.webp to lenna
(1).webp`: Indicates that the image is being saved (likely a temporary copy
within the Colab environment). * `Number of pixels with lightness > 0.219:
248985`: The final output of the code, indicating that 248985 pixels in the
image have a lightness value greater than 0.219. **Overall Interpretation:**
The code calculates the number of "bright" pixels in the "lenna.webp" image
based on a lightness threshold. The "lenna.webp" image is a classic test image
used in image processing, so the script is likely a demonstration or
experiment related to lightness analysis. ]image857×448 25.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/c/fc7fc0e740f20529893d590ba863d7df9b943ac0.png
"image")


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-01-30T08:07:12.480Z)

this is my code  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image's content: **Code
Snippet:** The image showcases Python code that processes an image and
calculates the number of pixels with a lightness value greater than 0.219.
Here's what the code does: * **Imports:** It starts by importing necessary
libraries like NumPy (as `np`), PIL (for image handling), Google Colab's
`files` (for file uploads), and `colorsys` (for color conversions). * **File
Upload:** `uploaded=files.upload()` allows the user to upload an image. *
**Image Loading:** `image = Image.open(list(uploaded.keys())[0])` opens the
uploaded image using PIL. * **RGB Conversion:** `rgb = np.array(image) /
255.0` converts the image to a NumPy array and normalizes RGB values to the
range [0, 1]. * **Lightness Calculation:** `lightness =
np.apply_along_axis(lambda x: colorsys.rgb_to_hls(*x)[1], 2, rgb)` calculates
the lightness for each pixel. It uses the `colorsys.rgb_to_hls` function to
convert RGB values to HLS (Hue, Lightness, Saturation) and extracts the
lightness component (index 1). `np.apply_along_axis` applies this function
along the axis 2 (representing the RGB components of each pixel). * **Pixel
Counting:** `light_pixels = np.sum(lightness >= 0.219)` counts the number of
pixels where the lightness is greater than or equal to 0.219. * **Output:**
`print(f'Number of pixels with lightness > 0.219: {light_pixels}')` prints the
calculated number of pixels to the console. **Output and Console
Information:** * **File Upload:** The line ". lenna.webp (image/webp) - 14820
bytes, last modified: 1/30/2025 - 100% done" indicates that a file named
"lenna.webp" has been successfully uploaded. It also provides the file size
and last modified date. * **File Save:** The line "Saving lenna.webp to lenna
(1).webp" indicates that the image is being saved to a new file named "lenna
(1).webp". * **Calculation Result:** "Number of pixels with lightness > 0.219:
248985" shows the output of the program, indicating that there are 248985
pixels in the image with a lightness value greater than 0.219. **Interface
Elements** * "Choose Files" Button is seen to allow the user to choose the
file to upload * A green check with "8s" next to it is located on the top
left, meaning the code has been run and successfully executed. **In summary:**
The image shows a Python code snippet that processes an image (specifically
"lenna.webp"), calculates the lightness of each pixel, and counts the number
of pixels that exceed a certain lightness threshold (0.219). It also displays
the result of the calculation in the console. ]image857×448 25.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/c/fc7fc0e740f20529893d590ba863d7df9b943ac0.png
"image")


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-01-30T08:11:24.919Z)

could you also give me a hint


---
### Arnav Raj  (2025-01-30T14:27:18.177Z)

I think in Q.6 its some error in your code’s logic its unable to fetch the
data from your code(Even I tried your URL and its just a black page). Make
sure your link is working correctly(giving json response) by pasting it to the
browser.

In Q9. I have created dictionary of given data. You can check the for format
in the given codes just above the question.(see Test with curl api)


---
### Arnav Raj  (2025-01-30T14:36:38.042Z)

I think your code logic seem to be correct but it may be because u have
downloaded twice the same image and in your output lenna.webp is saving to
lenna(1).webp.  
Try to do it again after deleting those images which are already downloaded!


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-01-30T15:04:54.917Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a code cell from what appears to be a Jupyter Notebook environment,
likely Google Colab, displaying Python code and output. **Code:** The Python
code imports several libraries: `numpy`, `PIL (Pillow)`, `files` (from
`google.colab`), and `colorsys`. The code uploads a file using
`files.upload()`, and then opens the image using `Image.open()`. It converts
the image data into a NumPy array, normalizes the RGB values to be between 0
and 1, calculates the lightness of each pixel using `colorsys.rgb_to_hls()`,
and then counts the number of pixels with lightness greater than 0.219.
Finally, it prints the number of pixels that meet the lightness threshold.
**Output:** Below the code cell, is the output from running the code. The
output first states "Choose Files lenna.webp", indicating that the user has
chosen the "lenna.webp" file. The code then reports the image
"lenna.webp(image/webp)" was successfully uploaded, along with its size and
modification date. Finally, the output displays the number of pixels in the
image that have lightness greater than 0.219, which is `248985`. ]image837×490
26 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/9/392f7a316a1bc27505121656759ecc87e21ec2f6.png
"image")

  
I have laready tried doing that as well but it still doesnt seem to work


---
### 23F3002987 J SRI BALAJI PRABHU (2025-01-30T16:03:02.683Z)

For Graded Assignment 2 Q6, I’m getting the right answer but in portal it
throws an error.  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a screenshot of a web browser window, likely
showing the result of an API call. The browser address bar indicates a Vercel
deployment, and the main content area displays a JSON-like structure. **Text
and Content:** * **Tabs:** The browser tabs at the top show various labels
including "IIT Madras", "Graded Assig", "TDS 2025 Jan", "GA2 - Deploy", and
"Python". * **Address Bar:** The URL in the address bar is `vercelapp-
mvqtg2t29-sri-balajis-projects-ec088a33.vercel.app/api?name="dzPtdczl9"`. This
indicates that the page is making a GET request to an API endpoint hosted on
Vercel, with a query parameter named "name" set to the value "dzPtdczl9". *
**Content Area:** The main area shows: * "Pretty-print" (likely an option to
format the JSON output). * The JSON-like structure `["marks":[65]}`.
**Interpretation:** The image shows a webpage displaying data returned by an
API. The API endpoint is designed to return the "marks" associated with a
specific name ("dzPtdczl9"). In this case, the API returns the marks as
`[65]`, likely an array containing a single number indicating the person
received 65 marks. In summary, the image illustrates a basic API interaction
where a name is sent as a parameter, and the server returns the associated
marks. ]image788×221 9.73 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/6/e65df2f28f8a70072161458c73089a529c8b735e.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on the
details that would be helpful for answering questions about it: **Overall
Task:** The image shows instructions for creating and deploying a Python
application to Vercel. The app needs to serve an API that, when given two
names in a URL query, returns a JSON response containing the marks for those
names. **Key Elements:** 1\. **Downloadable File:** * There's a clickable link
to a file named `q-vercel-python.json`. * This file presumably contains the
data of marks for 100 imaginary students. 2\. **Deployment Platform:** * The
instructions explicitly state the need to deploy the app to `Vercel`. 3\.
**API Requirement:** * The Python app should expose an API endpoint. * The
expected API URL format is `https://your-app.vercel.app/api?name=X&name=Y`.
Here, 'X' and 'Y' represent the names of students. * The API should respond
with a JSON object in the format `{"marks": [10, 20]}`, where `10` and `20`
would be the marks of the two students. 4\. **CORS:** * The instructions
emphasize enabling CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) to allow GET requests
from any origin. This is important for allowing external websites to access
the API. 5\. **Vercel URL:** * There's a prompt for "What is the Vercel URL?".
* An example of a Vercel URL is provided: `https://your-app.vercel.app/api`. *
The actual provided Vercel URL is `https://vercelapp-mvqtg2t29-sri-balajis-
projects-ec088a33.vercel.app/api`. * There's a "TypeError: Failed to fetch"
message beneath the URL. This suggests that there might have been an issue
accessing the URL. **In summary:** The image presents a coding task: create a
Python API hosted on Vercel that retrieves student marks from a JSON file and
returns them in a specific JSON format when queried with student names. It
also highlights the importance of CORS and provides an example of the expected
Vercel URL format. ]image1312×345 16.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/a/3a047f8d2221c858abbd6d03693b00b040bcd9bd.png
"image")

This is my vercel deployment  
<https://vercelapp-mvqtg2t29-sri-balajis-projects-ec088a33.vercel.app/api>


---
### VivekS (2025-01-30T16:20:44.459Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Image:** The image shows a snippet of a user interface (UI), likely
from a coding environment or a form-filling task related to APIs. The context
revolves around determining the correct API URL endpoint for a FastAPI
application. **Text Elements:** * **Prompt:** "What is the API URL endpoint
for FastAPI? It might look like: http://127.0.0.1:8000/api" This sets the task
at hand. * **User Input:** `http://127.0.0.1:8000/api` This is the user's
attempt to answer the question, entered in a text box. * **Error Message:**
"Error: Response undefined does not match expected
\\[\\["studentId":57,"class":"5N"\\},\\{"studentId":67,"class":"1T"\\},\\{"studentId":117,"class":"11P"\\},\\{"studentId":311,"class":"9W"\\},\
\\["studentId":429,"class":"5N"\\},\\{"studentId":524,"class":"5N"\\},\\{"studentId":790,"class":"9W"\\},\\{"studentId":890,"class":"9W"\\},\\{"studentId":954,"class":"9W"\\},\
\\{"studentId":1136,"class":"1T"\\},\\{"studentId":1150,"class":"5N"\\},\\{"studentId":1211,"class":"5N"\\},\\{"studentId":1261,"class":"5N"\\},\\{"studentId":1522,"class":"11P"},\
\\{"studentId":1598,"class":"9W"\\},\\{"studentId":1689,"class":"9W"\\},\\{"studentId":1714,"class":"5N"\\},\\{"studentId":1719,"class":"5N"}\\]]"
This indicates that the API endpoint returned an unexpected response. The
response seems to be a JSON array of student objects, each containing
`studentId` and `class` fields. * **Testing Strategy:** "We'll check by
sending a request to this URL with ?class=... added and check if the response
matches the data." This describes how the system will further validate the
API. It suggests that the system will append a query parameter named "class"
and compare the received data against a predefined expected output. **Visual
Elements:** * **Text Box:** A text box containing the URL, indicating it's an
input field for the user. * **Error Icon:** The presence of a red error icon,
signifying that the URL is likely incorrect or the API is not functioning as
expected. **Interpretation:** The image suggests a user attempting to
determine the correct URL for a FastAPI application. The system expects a
particular JSON response containing student data. The user's initial guess at
the URL (`http://127.0.0.1:8000/api`) results in an error, because the system
receives an 'undefined' response that does not match the expected format. The
system plans to test the API further by making a request with a `class` query
parameter. ]image1660×325 47.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/8/c86362e8fa499ea7995dfa07a8c3498ef81b7e69.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Impression:** The image shows a web browser window displaying a JSON
response from an API endpoint. The data appears to be related to students and
their classes. **Key Elements:** 1\. **Web Browser Interface:** The top part
of the image clearly shows elements of a web browser: * Address bar (showing
the URL). * Navigation buttons (back, forward, refresh). * Favicon area (star
icon). 2\. **URL:** The URL in the address bar is:
`127.0.0.1:8000/api?class=5N&class=1T&class=11P&class=9W` * This suggests a
local server address (127.0.0.1) running on port 8000. * The API endpoint is
`/api`. * The query parameters indicate that the API call is filtering by
`class` with multiple values: `5N`, `1T`, `11P`, and `9W`. 3\. **JSON Data:**
Below the URL, the image shows the JSON data returned by the API: * The data
is in the form of a list (indicated by `[]`) containing multiple JSON objects.
* Each JSON object represents a student record. * Each student record has two
key-value pairs: * `studentId`: An integer representing the student's ID. *
`class`: A string representing the class the student belongs to (e.g., "SN",
"1T", "9W", "11P"). * Examples of student records: * `{"studentId":57,
"class":"SN"}` * `{"studentId":67, "class":"1T"}` * `{"studentId":311,
"class":"9W"}` **Summary:** The image shows the output of an API call that
retrieves student data filtered by class. The API returns a JSON response
containing a list of student records, each including a student ID and the
class they are enrolled in. ]image1792×244 33.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/4/847ae4366a7472bd37099dcb0d2136c6f700cff5.png
"image")

TDS GA2 Q9, I have passed the same class as of the error thrown test case for
ease of reference. Both are same to same. Yet I’m getting error when i submit
the answer. [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) , Kindly please
clarify what I’m doing wrong.  
#samesamebutdiffalant


---
### Andrew David (2025-01-30T17:43:34.610Z)

check expected output, look closely each character within 20-30 characters you
might get it


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-30T21:14:31.406Z)

Hi [@24ds1000082_Vivek](/u/24ds1000082_vivek) ,

I don’t see any difference between them. Can you share screen shot of browser
console tab and Network tab. Also join tomorrow’s session towards ending of
each session we use to take doubts.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-30T21:19:36.074Z)

[@23F3002987_J_SRI_BAL](/u/23f3002987_j_sri_bal) ,

This must be a production deployment url, that’s why I am not able to access
it.

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on the
key elements: **Overall Layout:** * The image appears to be a screenshot of a
web page displayed in a browser window. * The background is dark (almost
black). * There is text and a logo in the center of the page, along with
elements in the browser interface. **Content of the Web Page:** * **Title:**
"Team Access Required" (This is the main heading). * **Signed-in User:** "You
are signed in as jivraj-18." * **Access Restriction Message:** * "You cannot
access this unique deployment URL as you are not a member of the team." * "You
can view the latest version of this branch by requesting access to the up-to-
date deployment URL." (The phrase "up-to-date deployment URL" is likely a
link, given the context.) * **Login Option:** "Log in with a different Vercel
Account" (Suggesting an option to switch accounts). * **Logo:** A circular
graphic with a gradient of purple to orange is at the top, likely the logo for
the Vercel platform. **Browser Interface Elements (Top of the Image):** *
**URL Bar:** The URL is visible in the browser address bar. It starts with
`https://vercel.com/sso/access/request?next=%2Fsso-
api%3Furl%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fvercelapp-mvqtg2t29-sri-balajis-proj...` This
indicates the page is related to Single Sign-On (SSO) access request on the
Vercel platform. The "vercelapp-mvqtg2t29-sri-balajis-proj..." part suggests
it's trying to access a specific deployment or project on Vercel. * **Browser
Tabs:** There are other browser tabs visible, but their content is not clear.
* **Browser Controls:** Standard browser controls (back button, refresh, star
for bookmarking, profile) are visible at the top of the window.
**Interpretation:** The image shows an access denial page on the Vercel
platform. The user "jivraj-18" is logged in but does not have the necessary
permissions to view a specific deployment of a project ("sri-balajis-proj...")
because they are not part of the required team. The page offers options to
request access to the latest version of the deployment or to log in with a
different Vercel account that might have the appropriate permissions.
]image1822×874 43.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/6/f6ae861370f12370cde76d18de318ad1fc622d2d.png
"image")

Solution :

Go to vercel dashboard and select your project, and below domains you would
find a url use that.

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image is a screenshot of a web browser window
displaying the Vercel dashboard for a project. Vercel is a platform for
deploying and hosting web applications. The interface has a dark theme. **Top
Bar (Browser):** * The browser's address bar shows the URL
`https://vercel.com/jivraj-18s-projects/api` **Vercel Navigation Bar:** * A
top navigation bar on the Vercel dashboard includes the following links: *
Project (highlighted) * Deployments * Analytics * Speed Insights * Logs *
Observability * Firewall * Storage * Settings **Main Content Area:** *
**Heading:** "Production Deployment" * **Left Side:** An area labeled "Not
Found" indicates an issue. A line of text is present. * **Right Side:** Shows
deployment details: * **Deployment ID:**
`api-6xs8fp81c-jivraj-18s-projects.vercel.app` * **Domains:** `api-ruby-
seven-48.vercel.app` (with a small link symbol) and "+2" * **Status:** A green
bullet indicates "Ready". The status includes the creation date: "28 Jan by
jivraj-18" * **Source:** * "`<> View code`" * "`>_ vercel deploy`" **Top Right
Area:** * Three buttons are in this area: Build Logs, Runtime Logs, Install
**Key Features and Interpretation:** * The "Not Found" message on the left
suggests there might be an error with the application or a specific route
being accessed. * The deployment details on the right indicate a successful
deployment (status "Ready") with a specific deployment ID and associated
domain. * The source information points to the source code and the command
used for deployment (likely the `vercel deploy` command). * The URL in the
browser bar and the information within the dashboard reveals the project
belongs to user or organization `jivraj-18s-projects` within Vercel.
]image1709×787 66.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/a/ea1a1dadad49d6b6665a2366d0902d4a45122b32.png
"image")

If this doesn’t solve problem, pls join tomorrow’s session between 8-10
towards ending of session we use to take doubts.

Kind regards  
Jivraj


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-30T21:22:58.917Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Content:**
The image contains a single letter "D" rendered in a sans-serif font. The
letter appears to be a light shade of bluish-gray or light cyan. It has a
slightly beveled or highlighted edge, giving it a subtle 3D effect.
**Background:** The background is a solid, dark shade of teal or dark green.
**Overall Impression:** The image is simple and straightforward, focusing
solely on presenting the letter "D" in a clean and visually appealing way. The
contrast between the light letter and dark background makes the letter stand
out prominently. ] daksh76:

> I have laready tried doing that as well but it still doesnt seem to work

Hi [@daksh76](/u/daksh76), Can you mention exact error or problem that you are
facing.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-01-30T22:10:20.492Z)

The issue might be with the IP address you’re using. Try using `127.0.0.1` and
check if it’s the correct localhost IP for your machine. Also, test with
`http://localhost:8000/api` to see if it works.

If that doesn’t solve the problem and you’re running port 8000 inside a
virtual machine, use the `ipconfig` command to check the correct IP address.

We usually address doubts at the end of every session. Our next session is on
the 31st—you can join then and ask your question if none of above solutions
works.


---
### VivekS (2025-01-31T01:12:03.951Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout:** The image captures a web browser's developer tools interface
alongside a display of data in JSON format. The screen is split, with the left
side showing the JSON data and the right side displaying the browser's network
activity. **Left Side (JSON Data):** \- The URL
`127.0.0.1:8000/api?class=5N&class=1T&class=11P&class=9W` is displayed at the
top, indicating a request to a local server endpoint, with query parameters
for different classes. \- Below the URL, there is the word "Pretty-print"
along with a checkbox, indicating the JSON is formatted for readability. \-
The main part shows a JSON array containing multiple objects. Each object
seems to represent a student with properties: \- `"studentId"`: A numeric
identifier for the student (e.g., 57, 67, 117, etc.). \- `"class"`: A string
indicating the class to which the student belongs (e.g., "SN", "1T", "11P",
"9W"). \- The JSON data structure indicates that each student has a unique ID
associated with a specific class. There are multiple student objects with
similar data. **Right Side (Developer Tools - Network Tab):** \- The right
side shows the Chrome DevTools, specifically the "Network" tab. \- It shows
the request made to `api?class=5N&class=1T&class=11P&class=9W`. \- Key
details: \- **Status:** The request has a status code of "200", indicating a
successful HTTP response. \- **Type:** The content type is "document",
suggesting the response is an HTML document or similar. \- **Initiator:** This
shows the request was initiated by the document itself. \- **Size:** The size
of the transfer is 694 B (bytes). \- **Time:** The request took 12 ms to
complete. **Console Output (Bottom Right):** \- Below the network table,
there's a "Console" section. \- It displays an issue: "A form field element
should have an id or name attribute". This indicates a potential issue in the
HTML of the page, where a form field lacks either an `id` or `name` attribute.
**Overall Impression:** The image captures a web development scenario where
data is being fetched from a local server using an API endpoint. The developer
tools are open to inspect the network traffic and diagnose potential issues.
The specific task probably involves fetching student data based on class
affiliation. The console reveals a coding issue related to form field
attributes. ]image1903×657 83.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/5/75bfccbd7f4a955274b08239c9183d7c6b3de366.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Layout:** * The image is a screenshot of a web browser window. * The
window is split into two main sections: the left side shows the output of a
URL and the right side shows the browser's developer tools console. **Left
Side (Browser Output):** * **URL:** The URL in the address bar is
`127.0.0.1:8000/api?class=SN&class=1T&class=11P&class=9W`. This suggests the
screenshot is taken from a local development environment running a web API. *
**Output:** The browser displays JSON-like data. This appears to be an array
of objects, where each object represents a student and has two properties:
`studentId` (an integer) and `class` (a string). * Examples of the data
include: * `{"studentId":57,"class":"SN"}` * `{"studentId":67,"class":"1T"}` *
`{"studentId":117,"class":"11P"}` * `{"studentId":311,"class":"9W"}` *
**Text:** The top left of the display indicates "Pretty-print". This suggests
the data is formatted in a readable way, possibly through a browser extension
or function. **Right Side (Developer Tools Console):** * **Developer Tools:**
The right section shows the "Console" tab of the browser's developer tools. *
**Filters:** There are filter options visible. * **Issues Tab:** The "Issues"
tab is selected. * **Issue:** The message "A form field element should have an
id or name attribute" is displayed. This is likely a warning related to HTML
form elements on the page, and not necessarily directly related to the API
output. **Other Elements:** * **Browser Tabs:** The top of the screenshot
shows several browser tabs, including names of applications and/or services
such as `AQ 4`, `GA2`, `Vercel`, `GradeView`, `Tools`, `lama.com`, and `TDS
20`. **In summary, the image shows the output of a web API endpoint that
returns student data (student ID and class). The developer tools console
indicates that there is an issue related to form fields lacking `id` or `name`
attributes.** ]image1914×751 82.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/2/629a7af2183efcbf51bc2d3d8a9b1fc50f252650.png
"image")

  
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) , Thankyou for the quick response. I have attached both
console and network screenshots. Hope these are the ones you were referring
to. Sure, I will join tonight’s session and try to rectify the issue.
Meanwhile will update here if i was able to resolve it.


---
### K Hari Prasath (2025-01-31T05:49:03.070Z)

If I entered the URL I get the error Failed to fetch  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a snippet of instructions or a tutorial related to creating and
deploying a Python application using Vercel. The content focuses on exposing
an API that returns the marks of students based on their names. **Key Elements
and Text:** 1\. **Download Link:** There is a link to download a file named
"q-vercel-python.json," which contains the marks of 100 imaginary students.
2\. **Instruction to Create and Deploy:** The text instructs the user to
create and deploy a Python app to Vercel and expose an API. It specifies the
structure of the API request URL: "https://your-
app.vercel.app/api/?name-X&name-Y". The API should return a JSON response
containing the marks of the students named X and Y. 3\. **JSON Example:** An
example of the expected JSON response is provided, showing the format
`"marks": 10, 20`. 4\. **CORS Requirement:** The user is reminded to enable
CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) to allow GET requests from any origin.
5\. **Vercel URL Input Field:** A text field is provided where the user is
expected to input the Vercel URL. The placeholder or expected format is
indicated as "https://your-app.vercel.app/api". The URL provided in the input
field is "https://tdsproject1-ltjsdpii1-23f2003853-projects.vercel.app/api".
6\. **Error Message:** An error message "TypeError: Failed to fetch" appears
below the URL field, suggesting a problem fetching or accessing the provided
URL. In summary, the image outlines the steps to create an API endpoint with
Vercel that responds with student marks in JSON format based on names provided
in the request URL. An error is shown with provided API URL. ]image602×182
25.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/0/0057df148250fe0e3884b75aa26841869ef126ae.png
"image")

If I run the same in my browser, I get the output (just I tried for two name
available in json file)  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout** The image captures a browser window on a computer screen. The browser
has multiple tabs open at the top. Below the tab bar is the address bar
showing the URL of the current page. The main content area of the browser
displays a text output, possibly from an API endpoint. **Top Tab Bar (From
Left to Right)** \- Tab 1: "My Dashboard" \- Tab 2: "Graded Ass..." (The full
text is cut off) \- Tab 3: "TDS 2025 Jx" \- Tab 4: "Vercel" (with the Vercel
logo) \- Tab 5: "tdsproject1" (with an icon likely representing a code
repository) \- Tab 6: "Introducing" \- Tab 7: "Deploy Py..." (The full text is
cut off) \- Tab 8: "tdsproject1" (with a Github icon) \- Tab 9: A plus sign
which is the new tab button. \- There is also the minimize, maximize, and
close buttons at the far right. **Address Bar** The URL in the address bar is:
```
tdsproject1-tjsdp1-23f2003853-projects.vercel.app/api?name=sLrAoQ&name=d2KY
``` This suggests that the page is hosted on Vercel and is likely an API
endpoint. The URL includes query parameters (name) passed to the API. **Main
Content Area** The content area displays the following text: ``` Pretty-print
("marks":[1,41]) ``` This appears to be the output of an API that returns a
dictionary or JSON object, with a key "marks" that has an associated value
which is the list `[1,41]`. ]image602×102 14.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/c/9cf827a80b0dcb297fa052431b260b5bddc5bbbf.png
"image")

Kindly help me to fix the issue


---
### Yashvardhan (2025-01-31T06:06:30.490Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image content: The
image is a screenshot of what appears to be a coding or development
environment, likely within a tutorial or instruction set. The instructions
guide the user to: 1\. Download Llamafile and run the
`Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct.Q6_K.llamafile` model. The word "Llamafile" is
underlined, suggesting it may be a clickable link. 2\. Create a tunnel to the
Llamafile server using `ngrok`. The word "ngrok" is underlined, similarly
suggesting it may be a clickable link. 3\. The prompt asks the user for the
ngrok URL, giving an example pattern: `https://[random].ngrok-free.app/` Below
this is an input field containing the URL `https://6714-13-71-3-97.ngrok-
free.app/`. There's an error icon next to this field, indicating an issue.
Below this URL is a text block indicating an "Error". The error message
"Response is too old" is followed by a JSON structure. This JSON seems to
contain details about a chat completion attempt including finish reason, the
assistant's role, the content of the message containing user and domain
information, creation timestamp, message ID, model used, object type, and
usage statistics (completion tokens, prompt tokens, total tokens). Overall,
the image shows a user following instructions, likely encountering an error
related to the ngrok URL or an issue with the response from the Llamafile
model. ]image1559×334 19.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/2/22a412c69295c0eee8981b6fcd2ae4cceec48b42.png
"image")

  
This url shows correct but after few hour it shows this error  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) pls help me to fix this


---
### VivekS (2025-01-31T06:59:40.374Z)

you need to keep the services running. Else it will fail. Do whats required,
regenerate that link and paste it once you complete and save it. this way you
can avoid rework.


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-01-31T07:12:15.016Z)

sir the output im getting after correcting the code is showing incorrect on
the portal


---
### Daksh Agarwal (2025-01-31T07:14:12.076Z)

if you could suggest me why is that happening, where am i making an error
because i have cross checked this a lot of times and still am unable to
understand where i might be making a mistake


---
### K Hari Prasath (2025-01-31T10:33:42.441Z)

I had faced the same issue. Please ensure the url is not protected against the
access of third party (IITM will access your url. To check it, try to open the
url in different browser)


---
### Srividhya (2025-01-31T14:18:49.279Z)

Hi sakshi in vercel problem i also had similar error. remove this code if
**name** == ‘**main** ’:

24 # app.run(debug=True) frm your flask app then run it. it worked for me i
found this with the help of chatgpt. vercel has some built in features to run
so this is not required it seems.


---
### SAKSHI PATHAK (2025-01-31T20:59:41.314Z)

I was facing problem that how to make a class as variable name for Q9 in GA2 .
but now i get a solution which was helpful for making class as variable. The
below command is the solution for the problem of how to make a class variable
name in python.  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content, focusing on the
details that would be helpful for understanding its purpose: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a screenshot of a screen recording, likely from a
virtual meeting or online presentation. It shows code being displayed in a
code editor (likely Visual Studio Code) alongside a participant's video feed
in the lower-right corner. **Code Editor Window:** * **Title Bar:** The title
bar shows "fast.py" and "data.csv" tabs, suggesting the editor is currently
focused on a Python file named "fast.py" * **Code in "fast.py":** * **Import
Statement:** (Not visible but implicitly assumed) Likely imports related to
`pd.read_csv` (likely pandas). * **CORS Configuration:** Sets
`allow_credentials` to `True`, and sets `allow_methods` and `allow_headers` to
`["*"]` which indicates that Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) is enabled
to allow requests from any origin, any HTTP method, and any header. * **Data
Loading:** `data = pd.read_csv("data.csv")` Reads data from a CSV file named
"data.csv" into a pandas DataFrame called "data". * **FastAPI Endpoint:**
`@app.get("/api")` Defines a route/endpoint in a FastAPI application. *
**`root` function:** * `async def root(class_name: List[str] =
Query(default=[],alias="class")):` Defines an asynchronous function named
"root" that handles requests to the "/api" endpoint. * It takes an optional
query parameter named "class_name" which is a list of strings. The
`Query(default=[], alias="class")` part suggests that if `class_name` isn't
provided, it defaults to an empty list, and that an alias "class" is used for
this query parameter. * `population = int(data.query("city == @city")
["population"].values[0])` This line is the most complex: * `data.query("city
== @city")` Uses pandas' `query` method to filter the DataFrame "data" to only
include rows where the "city" column matches the value of the variable "city".
The `@city` syntax suggests that the value for `city` is dynamically
substituted. * `["population"]` Selects the "population" column from the
filtered data. * `.values[0]` Extracts the first value from the resulting
Series (or array) of population values. It is assumed there will only be one
result based on the query or there is an intention to only capture the first
value. * `int(...)` Casts the extracted value to an integer. * `return
{"city": city, "population": population}` Returns a JSON response containing
the "city" and its corresponding "population" value. * **Status Bar:** Shows
details like line and column number (Ln 16, Col 31), Spaces: 4, encoding
(UTF-8, CRLF), Python interpreter version (3.11.4 in a venv), and IDE plugins
(Go Live, Codeium, Prettier). **Overall Code Purpose:** The code snippet
appears to be a simple API endpoint using the FastAPI framework. It takes a
city name as a query parameter, retrieves the population for that city from a
CSV file, and returns the city and population as a JSON response. **Additional
Elements:** * **Top bar**: The top bar shows the time (10:31 PM Fri, Jan 31)
and connectivity information. * **Call Controls**: the bottom bar indicates
it's a screen recording of a Google Meet/similar video conferencing app, with
controls for muting/unmuting the microphone, turning the camera on/off, and
ending the call. * **"Saransh is presenting"**: Indicates that a person named
Saransh is sharing their screen. * **Participant Thumbnail:** The thumbnail in
the lower-right corner shows a participant named Saransh. **In summary, the
image shows a Python script for a FastAPI application that reads city data
from a CSV file and returns population information based on a city name
parameter.** ]17383569374811920×1200 92.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/d/6dd6d489a4e58295c95ac77283ceacd1bfc661db.jpeg
"1738356937481")

  
the async def root() this command line in image is solution for our problem.


---
### Carlton D'Silva (2025-02-01T02:50:49.374Z)

Hi Srividya,

Thats right the idea behind vercel is you do not need to create a server. Its
serverless! Instead you create functions that respond to endpoints.  
When the endpoint is triggered, the appropriate function runs.

This renders `name == main` part of the code unnecessary at best, since python
interpreters only run this line if that file was the starting point of the
application (but its not, because a vercel wrapper application(s) or processes
have started before it).

In other words you do not create a flask server, or a http server or indeed
any server at all. Just functions tied to specific endpoints. So you have to
rethink how your application is designed. You _do not_ create serverless
applications in the same traditional way you have been taught in MAD-1 or
MAD-2.

This is a common mistake many students have been making with their approach to
vercel. Watching the videos and using the provided code template will greatly
help in deploying successful serverless applications.

Thanks for your input.

Kind regards


---
### Yashvardhan (2025-02-01T07:10:12.783Z)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) sir pls help me to fix this issue


---
### Bhashwar Sengupta (2025-02-01T12:29:59.226Z)

Questions 9 and 10 require running a development server from my side. Right
now, the questions are marked correct and I’ve saved the assignment. Since the
servers won’t always be running, I hope this won’t cause a problem during
evaluation.


---
### Naga durga prasad E (2025-02-01T12:46:31.098Z)

What am i missing here? i am also facing same issue, question 9 . attached
screenshots.

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a screenshot of a web browser window. It appears to
be displaying the output of a JSON comparison tool, likely a website such as
`jsondiff.com`, judging by the title bar of the tab. The page shows two
similar JSON structures, arranged side by side, presumably for comparison to
highlight their differences. **Content Breakdown:** * **Browser Tabs:** The
top of the image shows several browser tabs, indicating the user likely had
multiple websites or applications open. Some visible tab titles include "TDS
2025 Jan GA2", "docker hub - Google", "localhost:8000/api",
"127.0.0.1:8000/api", "JSON Diff - The semantic", "Graded Assignment", "GA2 -
Deployment 1", and "Indian Institute of Te". This gives context to the
activity - possibly a programming or web development task related to an
assignment or project. * **JSON Structure:** The main focus of the image is
the two columns of JSON code, which are almost identical to each other. Each
JSON object seems to represent a student, with two key-value pairs: "class"
and "studentId". * **JSON values:** *The "class" values seem to be strings,
such as "ZK", "GW", "AX", "42", "43", "YW", "BW". *The "studentId" values seem
to be integers, like 68, 44, 150, 270, 411, 522, 525, 479, 710, 882, 904,
1004, 1166, 1300, 1354, 1465, 1511, 1579, 1591, 1611, 1678, 1828, and 1831. *
**Purpose:** Given the content and the context, the image suggests that the
user is comparing the structure of some student data from two sources or at
different points in time. **In Summary:** The image depicts a developer or
student using a JSON comparison tool to analyze the structure and content of
JSON data representing student information, potentially as part of an
assignment or debugging process. ]Screenshot 2025-02-01 at 6.15.03 PM1920×1200
77.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/f/0fe131609d98cc3b91359e55e376198f558750c3.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-02-01 at 6.15.03 PM")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
its key elements: **Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of
a web browser window. It shows a graded coding assignment, likely related to a
FastAPI application, along with browser developer tools. **Top Section
(Assignment Details):** * **Title:** "TDS 2025 Jan GA2" (and similar
abbreviated titles in tabs) * **Website:**
"exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga2" * **Due Date & Time:** "Due Sun, 2
Feb, 2025, 11:59 pm IST" * **Score:** "Score: 7.5/10" * **Buttons:** "Check
all", "Save" **Assignment Instructions:** The instructions specify that the
task involves creating an API that filters student data based on the `class`
query parameter. * If a `class` parameter is specified, the API should return
only students belonging to the specified class(es). * Example: `/api?class=1A`
returns students in class 1A. `/api?class=1A&class=1B` returns students in
class 1A and 1B. * The order of students returned should match the order in
the CSV file. * The task requires enabling CORS. **API URL Input & Error:** *
**Prompt:** "What is the API URL endpoint for FastAPI? It might look like:
`http://127.0.0.1:8000/api`" * **Entered URL:** "http://127.0.0.1:8000/api"
(highlighted red indicating an issue). * **Error Message:** "Error: Response
undefined does not match expected...". The error message goes on to show
expected and likely actual JSON responses from the API. **Button:** "Check"
**Bottom Section (Browser Developer Tools):** * **Tab Selected:** "Network"
(in the browser's developer tools) * **Filter Bar:** Contains filter options
like "Preserve log", "Disable cache", and "No throttling". * **Requests:** Two
network requests are visible, likely API calls. *
`api?class=1N&class=8N&class=8X&class=42` *
`api?class=1N&class=8N&class=8X&class=42` (This entry likely duplicates the
previous one) * **Preview Tab:** Shows JSON data returned by the API (in the
selected request) The preview displays an array of JSON objects, each
representing a student and containing the properties "studentId" and "class".
Sample entries: * `{studentId: 60, class: "1N"}` * `{studentId: 64, class:
"1N"}` * `{studentId: 522, class: "8N"}` * `{studentId: 673, class: "42"}` *
`{studentId: 1831, class: "42"}` **Key Observations and Possible Issues:** *
The submitted API URL seems to be correct (`http://127.0.0.1:8000/api`), but
the error message indicates that the API is not returning the expected JSON
data when filtering by class. * The network requests in the developer tools
show that the API is being called with a query that includes multiple classes
(`class=1N&class=8N&class=8X&class=42`). * The returned JSON data in the
preview tab shows students from various classes. * The discrepancy between the
expected and actual API responses is the primary cause of the error. In
summary, the image depicts a student's attempt to complete a graded coding
assignment, specifically building a FastAPI application to filter student data
by class. The error message and the network request suggest that the API is
either not filtering data correctly based on the provided `class` parameters
or that the returned format does not match the expected data. ]Screenshot
2025-02-01 at 6.13.02 PM1920×1200 178 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/1/31d574850569f527a4038b80d0171d7b685f9348.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-02-01 at 6.13.02 PM")


---
### Naga durga prasad E (2025-02-01T12:51:09.174Z)

if you have time, could once check my code for question 9. can send github
link in chat…

or run this `docker pull 23f3004114/tds_2025_jan_ga2:Q9`

@
[24ds1000082_Vivek](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/u/24ds1000082_Vivek)


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-01T18:12:49.184Z)

Hi [@23f2004644](/u/23f2004644) and [@bhashwar_sengupta](/u/bhashwar_sengupta)
,

You would need to keep all the servers active whenever you click on save
button.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-01T18:14:38.883Z)

Hi [@23f2003853](/u/23f2003853) ,

did you enable cors ? If yes then pls send screenshot of console and network
tab.

Kind regards


---
### Anushka Kumar (2025-02-01T18:19:24.743Z)

So if I kept the server running and saved the answer, but after reloading it’s
showing incorrect  
We can’t just keep it running.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-01T18:24:12.470Z)

Hi [@daksh76](/u/daksh76) ,

I didn’t actually used python to solve this particular question. I tried for
some time but it was not working. So I just used
[Squoosh](https://squoosh.app/), for now pls use this.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-01T18:25:15.938Z)

whenever you want to submit your answers by pressing save button at that time
only all servers should must be running.


---
### Anushka Kumar (2025-02-01T18:45:33.253Z)

I did that, while running all the severs i saved my answers and it showed
“correct”.  
But after sometime when I re-loaded my answers it showed incorrect.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-01T18:46:31.780Z)

Hi [@24ds1000082_Vivek](/u/24ds1000082_vivek), [@23f3004114](/u/23f3004114) ,

You guys are not using correct format for response.

    
    
    {
      "students": [
        {
          "studentId": 1,
          "class": "1A"
        },
        {
          "studentId": 2,
          "class": "1B"
        }, ...
      ]
    }
    

This is correct for which have a object with key `students` which is not
present in your response.

kind regards


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-01T18:47:31.571Z)

That’s okay, when you click on save answers button just make sure all servers
are running.


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-01T18:49:53.544Z)

Yes Hari, most probably that’s what the problem is.
[@23F3002987_J_SRI_BAL](/u/23f3002987_j_sri_bal) Check if cors are enabled.

Kind regards


---
### 24DS1000121 ULAGAOOZHIAN (2025-02-01T22:28:35.680Z)

@ carlton @ Jivraj  
Gentlemen! In GA2 answers, I have a problem.  
Question 10, the ngrok tunnel url was once correct and I saved it . When I
revisited the GA2 again, the question 10 was marked incorrect.  
Do I need to do anything else ?  
Secondly the image comression file needs to be reloaded everytime I reconnect
to the GA2. When I reload the last saved version, it does not take into the
answer already saved.  
Third, the url link as given on publishing the page via github is obviously
correct. But on checking, even after ?v = 1 …it does not work. Could you
kindly look into them and advise if anything else needs to be done at my end?
thanks & regards.


---
### B R GIRI SUBRAHMANYA (2025-02-02T02:06:43.292Z)

Week-2 Question-8, I am getting error

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Impression:** The image shows a form field where a user is prompted to enter a
Docker image URL. There's an error message indicating that the provided input
is incorrect. **Detailed Breakdown:** * **Text Prompt:** "What is the Docker
image URL? It should look like:
`https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/$USER/$REPO/general`" * This
provides context and instructions, including an example of the expected
format. * **Input Field:** A text field containing the user's input: *
`https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/23f2000573/first-rep/general` *
**Error Message:** "Error: 23f2000573 is not one of the tags in
`https://hub.docker.com/v2/namespaces/23f2000573/repositories/first-rep/tags`"
* This suggests that "23f2000573" is being interpreted as a tag for the Docker
image, and it's not a valid tag. The error URL provides more context. *
**Button:** A "Check" button, presumably to validate the input. **Key
Observations and Inferences:** * The user is likely being asked to provide a
fully qualified Docker image URL. * The example URL suggests that `$USER` and
`$REPO` should be replaced with actual username/organization and repository
name, respectively. * The error suggests that the user might be incorrectly
putting the username or an identifier where a tag should be. * The error
message provides a URL that hints at the Docker registry's internal structure
for identifying repositories and their tags. In summary, the image depicts a
user input form with an error, likely caused by an incorrect Docker image URL
format or an invalid tag.]image1730×387 32.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/6/36896ceedd7b4384297f986bf8058dbbb56e7814.png
"image")

I have pushed my image in the repository, pulled it and ran once, it worked

[Image description: The image shows a terminal output. The prompt
`giri@GIRI:~$` indicates the current user is "giri" on a machine named "GIRI",
and the current directory is the home directory (~). The command executed is
`docker run 23f2000573/first-rep:v1 abc.py`. This command attempts to run a
Docker container named "23f2000573/first-rep" with the tag "v1", and
presumably executes the script "abc.py" within that container. ]

This is how my docker hub repository looks,

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content,
focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Context:** The
image is a screenshot of a Docker Hub repository page. Docker Hub is a cloud-
based registry service that allows users to store and share container images.
**Top Navigation Bar:** * **Header:** Displays the Docker Hub logo. Below it
are primary navigation links: "Explore," "Repositories," "Organizations," and
"Usage." * **Search Bar:** A search bar is present with the text "Search
Docker Hub." * **User Information:** In the top right, there's information
about private repositories ("Using 0 of 1 private repositories") and a
notification icon ("2"). **Page Navigation:** * **Breadcrumbs:** Below the
header are breadcrumbs indicating the current page location: "23f2000573 /
Repositories / first-rep / General" * **Repository Name:** The main title is
"23f2000573/first-rep" (Likely a repository name) **Repository Details:** *
**Summary:** Information is displayed beneath the title: "Last pushed 19
minutes ago - Repository size: 364.1 MB" * **Actions:** There are "Add a
description" and "Add a category" options, likely to add metadata to the
repository. * **Tabs:** Below the repository summary are tabs to navigate the
repository settings: "General", "Tags", "Builds", "Collaborators", "Webhooks",
"Settings" **Tags Section:** * **Heading:** "Tags" * **Summary:** "This
repository contains 1 tag(s)." * **Tag Table:** A table is present, with
columns "Tag," "OS" (with a Linux penguin icon), "Type," "Pulled," and
"Pushed." * The first row shows information for a tag named "v1" with the type
as "Image", "Pulled" 22 minutes ago and "Pushed" 22 minutes ago. **Docker
Commands Section:** * **Heading:** "Docker commands" * **Subheading:** "To
push a new tag to this repository:" * **Command:** A text box contains the
command `docker push 23f2000573/first-rep:tagname`. **Automated Builds
Section:** * **Heading:** "Automated builds" * **Description:** A paragraph
explains that you can connect your GitHub or Bitbucket account to
automatically build and tag images whenever your code is updated. *
**Subscription Information:** Notes that it's available with Pro, Team, and
Business subscriptions. * **Upgrade Button:** An "Upgrade" button suggests
upgrading to a paid plan to use the feature. In essence, the image shows the
overview page of a Docker Hub repository, displaying its name, last push time,
size, available tags, a Docker push command, and information about automated
builds. ]image2239×1129 278 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/6/06f9ddb3637324b140414120baa132706c19e753.png
"image")

`https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/23f2000573/first-rep/general`


---
### Bhashwar Sengupta (2025-02-02T06:32:26.016Z)

Yes sir. I did keep them active when saving the assignment and the answers
were saved successfully(The score was 10/10). I was talking about evaluation
after deadline.


---
### Gaurav Ghodge (2025-02-02T09:00:12.407Z)

In the ngrok question I was getting that same json error as everybody else
since last 7 days or so. The ngrok link was working fine in browser every time
but. Today i ran the LLama file with `--n-gpu-layers 35` parameter at the end
which makes it run using my laptops graphics card i guess. After i ran LLama
file using this and ngrok later, my link was accepted in the GA 2 and i did
not get any error after that.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) did this happen because i ran
LLama file using my laptop GPU? This was suggested to me by another student
who had the same problem.


---
### Tanya kamboj (2025-02-02T10:35:35.189Z)

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a browser window, likely captured as a screenshot. **Browser Elements:**
* **Address Bar:** The address bar displays the URL `new-
deploy12345.vercel.app/api?name=Mn&name=m`. This suggests the page is an API
endpoint hosted on Vercel. The query parameters `name=Mn&name=m` indicate that
the API is receiving two 'name' parameters with values 'Mn' and 'm'. *
**Tabs:** There are multiple tabs open in the browser, including: * `iitm-tds-
project1/sc...` (likely a GitHub or project repository) *
`PROJECT2/autolysis....` (another project repository) * `Indian Institute of
T...` (presumably a website for the Indian Institute of Technology) **Page
Content:** * **Checkbox:** There is a labeled checkbox with the text "Pretty-
print". The checkbox appears to be unchecked. * **JSON Data:** Below the
checkbox, there is JSON data displayed: `{"marks": [5,78]}`. This indicates
that the API is returning a JSON object with a single key "marks", which has
an array of numbers `[5, 78]` as its value. **Overall Impression:** The image
appears to be showing a developer or user inspecting the output of an API
call. The API is hosted on Vercel and takes a 'name' parameter. The response
from the API is a JSON object containing a list of 'marks'. ]image717×212 8.67
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/5/55440ed70588b6db50fdc86f5661050dd8d2ecb4.png
"image")

  
here it is giving output but when i run on question page it gives error.  

[[Image description: The image shows a question asking "What is the Vercel
URL? It should look like: https://your-app.vercel.app/api". An input field
below the question contains the text "https://new-deploy12345.vercel.app/api".
Below the input field is an error message: "Error: Expected [98,92,56,72,17]
but got [48,"Not Found","Not Found","Not Found","Not Found"]". A blue "Check"
button is at the bottom left of the image. ]image837×232 10.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/8/68c56b9910478eff26bbf43bb87200f312bddbea.png
"image")

  
please look into this [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@carlton](/u/carlton)
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
[https://new-deploy12345.vercel.app/api?name=Mn&name=m](https://new-
deploy12345.vercel.app/api?name=Mn&name=m)


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-02T11:13:54.825Z)

Try these [@21f3000745](/u/21f3000745)

  1. Download the data file once again and replace it with your current file, then deploy.  
**If this doesn’t work, then:**

  2. Try clicking on Check button once again. There are few cases where due to duplicity or other problems in the data, this bug occurs. The next check will most probably work.
  3. Reload the page, open the Networks Tab in the Inspect menu, click on Fetch/XHR filter button. Next click on check, if this error prompts up, you will get the request the system sent to check your answer. Copy that request and check on localhost.


---
### Tanya kamboj (2025-02-02T11:51:31.819Z)

yeah it worked. thankyou [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)  
actually on every reload of page , it generates new data which makes question
so tedious.


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-02T11:59:29.929Z)

So the problem was with the JSON data or you just clicked again on check and
it worked?


---
### Tanya kamboj (2025-02-02T12:04:26.993Z)

i loaded the data again as you said and clicked on check again. then it gave
correct


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-02T13:50:10.748Z)

Hi [@24DS1000121_ULAGAOOZ](/u/24ds1000121_ulagaooz) ,

For the **ngrok tunnel** question and any other question requiring a server
URL, make sure to **keep all servers running** when clicking the **Save**
button.

Also, I couldn’t find the **GitHub Pages URL** in your **GA2 response** , and
many answers are unmarked. It seems you **didn’t click the Save button**.

Your current score is **4.5/10**.


---
### Vatchala (2025-02-02T14:10:49.716Z)

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout:** The image is a screenshot of a web browser window. The dominant
content is a webpage for an online course platform, presumably related to IIT
Madras (as indicated by the logo). The platform seems to be used for
submitting and accessing graded assignments. **Header Area:** * **Browser
Tabs:** The top of the image shows multiple browser tabs open, with titles
like "ITM", "GA2", "TDS", "404", "Uam", "Mozi", "Pasi", "My D", etc. *
**Address Bar:** The address bar contains the URL:
`seek.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/courses/ns_2511_se2002?id=9&type=assignment&tab=courses&unitid=7`
* **Toolbar:** Standard browser toolbar elements are visible (back/forward
buttons, refresh, etc.). A star icon indicates bookmarking functionality, and
there's a share button and a menu button (three vertical dots). "All
Bookmarks" is visible at the top right. **Left Navigation Panel:** *
**Modules/Grades:** A vertical navigation panel is present on the left side.
It displays course modules and links. The "Grades" section is currently
selected. * **Module List:** The modules are listed with collapsible menus: *
Course Introduction * Module 1: Development Tools * Module 2: Deployment Tools
(currently expanded) * Graded Assignment 2 (selected) * Module 3: Large
Language Models * Project 1 * Module 4: Data Sourcing * Learning Feedback
**Main Content Area (Graded Assignment 2):** * **Title:** "Graded Assignment
2" is the title displayed prominently. * **Due Date:** The assignment due date
is stated as "2005-02-02, 23:59 IST". * **Submission Policy:** The text
specifies that you can submit multiple times before the due date and the final
submission will be graded. * **Last Submission:** It indicates the "last
submitted on" date and time as "2025-01-22, 13:11 IST." * **Troubleshooting
Information:** A section is dedicated to troubleshooting difficulties in
accessing the assignment. It lists several potential causes: * Ad blockers
need to be disabled/removed. * The site requires cookies for authentication. *
JavaScript is required. * Chrome Browser is recommended. * Browser extensions
can interfere. * Overly aggressive antivirus software can cause problems. *
**Student ID Requirement:** "You MUST use your Student Id (e.g.,
22f3xxxxxx@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) to do the Graded Assignment, otherwise your
score will not be considered for evaluation." * **Assignment Link:** "Graded
Assignment 2 is available at this link:
`https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga2.` Please attempt it."
**General Observations:** * The interface appears clean and user-friendly. *
The instructions are clear and relatively detailed. * The website seems to be
related to a specific course "TDS" offered in January 2025 at IIT Madras. *
There seems to be a typo with year mentioned as "2005" instead of "2025" for
the Due Date. In summary, this image shows a webpage for a graded assignment
within an online learning platform associated with IIT Madras. It provides
information about the assignment due date, submission policy, troubleshooting
tips, and a link to the assignment itself. ]Screenshot 2025-02-02 at 7.39.52
PM3248×1942 511 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/a/6a387d5a662e4b1ce11d98a7f25522b6202b54cd.jpeg
"Screenshot 2025-02-02 at 7.39.52 PM")

  
Not able to submit GA2 assignment Since I’m seeing this page there is no
submit button available.Will it take last saved for submission.


---
### Kaif Fazal (2025-02-02T14:18:56.612Z)

I am facing several problems with the submission portal …

  1. In question no 5 I entered the answer 78918 It was correct , I submitted it after few hours when I reloaded the portal its showing incorrect … I tried to enter twice thrice also solved it again but no use…

  2. In question 10 I entered the required link it was correct after saving it and reloading the portal it shows incorrect …

  3. In question 9 I did all the necessary thing but the portal is showing couldn’t fetch … My system is able to fetch the data but the portal says “failed to fetch”

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Impression:** The image shows a screenshot of a terminal window
within a programming environment, likely VS Code. It displays output from a
FastAPI application that is running and processing HTTP requests. **Top Bar:**
* The top bar of the window indicates that it is a terminal running Python
3.12 with a FastAPI project open. The title "python3.12 - Fastapi" is visible.
* Standard window controls (minimize, maximize, close) are present. **Terminal
Area:** * **Tab Navigation:** Tabs are visible with names like "PROBLEMS",
"OUTPUT", "DEBUG CONSOLE", "TERMINAL", and "PORTS". The "TERMINAL" tab is
selected. * **Output Logs:** The terminal displays a log of messages related
to the startup and operation of the FastAPI application. The logs begin with
"INFO:" indicating informational messages. * **Directory Watch:** The first
few lines indicate that the application is watching the directories `F:\\\BS
DATA SCIENCE\\\Diploma Level\\\TERM 2\\\TDS\\\Week 2\\\Fastapi` for changes to
trigger a reload. * **Uvicorn Server:** A message states that "Uvicorn" (an
ASGI server commonly used with FastAPI) is running at `http://127.0.0.1:8000`.
The message also suggests using `CTRL+C` to quit the server. * **Reloader
Process:** Information about the "reloader process" and "server process" is
displayed, including their process IDs ([18904] and [17712]). * **Application
Startup:** There are messages confirming application startup, with "Waiting
for application startup" and "Application startup complete". * **HTTP
Requests:** The logs then show a series of HTTP requests and responses: *
`127.0.0.1:53983 - "GET / HTTP/1.1" 404 Not Found` and `127.0.0.1:53983 - "GET
/favicon.ico HTTP/1.1" 404 Not Found` indicate that the server received a
request for the root path ("/") and the favicon and could not find them,
resulting in 404 errors. * `127.0.0.1:53984 - "GET /api HTTP/1.1" 200 OK` and
`127.0.0.1:54003 - "GET /api?class=1A HTTP/1.1" 200 OK`, `127.0.0.1:54004 -
"GET /api?class=1A HTTP/1.1" 200 OK`, and `127.0.0.1:54145 - "GET
/api?class=1A HTTP/1.1" 200 OK` indicate successful requests to the `/api`
endpoint. The requests to `/api?class=1A` seem to have been successful and
responded with a 200 OK status. **In Summary:** The image showcases a FastAPI
application that is running locally. It reveals that the application has
specific API endpoints ("/", "/favicon.ico", "/api", "/api?class=1A"). Some
resources were not found (404 errors), while other API calls were successful
(200 OK). The terminal output gives insight into the server's activity and the
types of requests it is handling. ]Screenshot 2025-02-02 1948291626×509 48.5
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/2/b24400365fd76c5cadffeffdfc102b8dd61812be.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-02 194829")

  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall:** The
image shows a web browser window displaying JSON data. It appears to be the
response from a local API endpoint. **Key Elements:** * **URL Bar:** The URL
in the browser bar is `127.0.0.1:8000/api?class=1A`. This indicates a request
being made to a local server (localhost on port 8000) to an API endpoint named
`/api` with a query parameter `class` set to `"1A"`. * **"Pretty-print"
Checkbox:** There's a checked "Pretty-print" checkbox, suggesting the JSON
data is formatted for better readability. * **JSON Data:** The main body of
the image shows JSON data that is structured as follows: * A top-level object
with a key `"students"`. * The value of `"students"` is an array. * Each
element of the array is an object representing a student. Each student object
has two keys: * `"studentId"`: An integer value (e.g., 224, 226, 750, 1241,
1488, 1704). * `"class"`: A string value which is always `"1A"`. **In
Summary:** The image displays JSON data retrieved from a local API that
returns a list of students (identified by their `studentId`) who are all in
class "1A". The data is formatted for readability using "Pretty-print" in the
browser. ]Screenshot 2025-02-02 1948151140×975 20
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/9/b98ccd9492006221ee5b16d416dfecb71c966e90.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-02 194815")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a web page, likely
part of an online coding challenge or assignment. It displays instructions and
a form element for inputting an API URL. **Textual Elements:** *
**Instructions:** The initial paragraphs provide instructions on building an
API endpoint. * It highlights the requirement to handle the `class` query
parameter, specifying that the API should return students belonging to the
classes provided in the query. * It offers examples: `/api?class=1A` (returns
students in class 1A) and `/api?class=1A&class=1B` (returns students in
classes 1A and 1B). * It notes that the order of students in the response
should match the order in the CSV file and also directs enabling CORS for GET
requests from any origin. * **Question:** "What is the API URL endpoint for
FastAPI? It might look like: `http://127.0.0.1:8000/api`". This is the prompt
the user is supposed to answer. * **Input Field:** Below the question, there's
an input field populated with the text `http://127.0.0.1:8000/api`. This seems
to be where the user has provided their answer. * **Error Message:** Beneath
the input field, an error message `TypeError: Failed to fetch` is displayed.
This indicates that the web application was unable to communicate with the
provided URL. * **Check Message:** The prompt includes a message, "We'll check
by sending a request to this URL with `?class...` added and check if the
response matches the data". This describes the automated testing process. *
**Button:** A "Check" button is located at the bottom of the image. **Key
Features & Inferences:** * **API Challenge:** The context suggests a coding
challenge where the user needs to implement an API that filters student data
based on class. * **FastAPI:** The instructions specify the use of FastAPI, a
modern, high-performance web framework for building APIs with Python. *
**CORS:** The instruction to enable CORS indicates that the challenge likely
involves making requests from a different origin (domain) to the API. *
**Error Analysis:** The "Failed to fetch" error suggests a problem with the
URL, CORS configuration, or the API server itself. It indicates that the
front-end application was unable to establish a connection. * **Automated
Testing:** The mention of checking the URL with the `?class...` parameter
implies an automated testing mechanism that verifies the API's functionality.
]Screenshot 2025-02-02 1948011626×531 38 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/a/6a50cc89a7ecf96749fdfd9f965679452c2b3a54.png
"Screenshot 2025-02-02 194801")


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-02T14:43:42.988Z)

Hi [@23f2000573](/u/23f2000573) ,

As error mentions to add tag to image.

Adding different tags is like versioning your docker image, image with a
particular tag can be pulled.

For adding tag use  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout and Purpose:** The image is a snippet of code or
instructions, likely from a tutorial or documentation, demonstrating how to
build, run, and deploy a container using `podman`. The text is formatted like
a script or set of commands to be executed in a terminal. **Text Content
Breakdown:** 1\. **Title:** "To build, run, and deploy the container, run
these commands:" This clearly states the purpose of the following content. 2\.
**Step 1: Account Creation and Login** * `# Create an account on
https://hub.docker.com/ and then login` (Comment, indicating a prerequisite) *
`podman login docker.io` (The actual command to log into Docker Hub using
`podman`) 3\. **Step 2: Build and Run the Container** * `# Build and run the
container` (Comment indicating what the commands do) * `podman build -t py-
hello .` (Command to build the container image, tagging it as "py-hello") *
`podman run -it py-hello` (Command to run the container in interactive mode)
4\. **Step 3: Push to Docker Hub** * `# Push the container to Docker Hub.
Replace $DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME with your Docker Hub username.` (Comment
emphasizing the need to replace a placeholder) * `podman push py-hello:latest
docker.io/$DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME/py-hello` (Command to push the container image,
tagged with "latest", to Docker Hub under the user's namespace) 5\. **Step 4:
Push with a Specific Tag** * `# Push adding a specific tag, e.g. dev` (Comment
explaining the upcoming commands) * `TAG=dev podman push py-hello
docker.io/$DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME/py-hello:$TAG` (Command to push the container
with a specific tag, defined in this example as "dev") **Key Observations:** *
**Podman:** The instructions specifically use `podman`, a container management
tool. * **Docker Hub:** The commands target pushing the container image to
Docker Hub (`docker.io`). * **Variable:** `$DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME` is a
placeholder that users need to replace with their actual Docker Hub username.
* **Tagging:** The example shows how to tag container images, both with
"latest" and with custom tags. In essence, the image is a guide on how to
package an application into a container, and upload it to the Docker Hub
registry using `podman`. ]image1351×578 40.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/b/7b580a40e755d3aab9c3b40941904405e516abf4.png
"image")


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-02T14:47:48.219Z)

For GA2 there is not question that asks if you visited GA2 page or not.  
Just answer on GA2 page [TDS 2025 Jan GA2 - Deployment
Tools](https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga2#hq-docker-hub-image).


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-02T15:08:09.930Z)

Hi [@24f1002359](/u/24f1002359)

For **Question 10** , ensure that **all servers are running** every time you
submit (click the **Save** button). Since **ngrok generates a new URL each
time it runs** , double-check that the **ngrok URL is correct** before
submitting.

For **Question 9** , did you **enable CORS**? To verify, check your **browser
console** —if CORS is not enabled, you should see an error message indicating
the issue.

[[Image description: The image shows the console of a web browser's developer
tools. Here's a breakdown of the content: * **Console Tab:** The "Console" tab
is selected, indicating that the content displayed is the console output. *
**Console Messages:** * "starting ajax request to the resource." This suggests
an asynchronous JavaScript request has been initiated. * "ajax request done."
This confirms the completion of the asynchronous request. * **CORS Error:**
The most prominent message is an error related to Cross-Origin Resource
Sharing (CORS). It states: * "Access to XMLHttpRequest at 'http://google.com/'
from origin 'null' has been blocked by CORS policy: No 'Access-Control-Allow-
Origin' header is present on the requested resource." * This means a
JavaScript code running from an origin considered "null" (often a local file
or similar contexts) tried to make a request to "http://google.com/". * The
request was blocked because the server at google.com didn't include the
necessary "Access-Control-Allow-Origin" header in its response, which would
have permitted the request from the "null" origin. * **File References:** Each
console message is associated with a file and line number: * "starting ajax
request..." originates from "index.html:14" * "ajax request done." originates
from "index.html:29" * The CORS error originates from "index.html:1" *
**Developer Tools UI:** The image also shows parts of the browser's developer
tools interface. You can see tabs like "Elements", "Sources", "Network",
"Performance", "Memory", and "Application". There's also a "Filter" input,
settings icon, and other UI elements. In summary, the image shows a developer
console indicating that a JavaScript AJAX request to Google.com was blocked
due to a CORS error because the request was coming from a null origin and the
server didn't allow the request. The error is originating from code within
"index.html".]image724×136 18.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/2/329ce069447dd12d66391813c527d25c5d109b2f.png
"image")

For question 5, I have tried executed script with your set of parameters, your
answer is correct. Will discuss it internally.

Kind regards.


---
### B R GIRI SUBRAHMANYA (2025-02-02T15:59:16.831Z)

for question 9 u can use ,

`from fastapi import FastAPI, Query`

and

[Image description: The image shows a snippet of Python code. The code defines a function named `api` that is decorated with `@app.get("/api")`. This indicates that the function is associated with a GET request to the "/api" endpoint of a web application (presumably using a framework like FastAPI or Flask). The `api` function takes a single argument called `class_`. The type annotation `Annotated[list[str] | None, Query(alias='class')]` specifies that this argument can be a list of strings or None, and it's expected to be passed as a query parameter with the alias "class". The default value of `class_` is set to `None`. ]


---
### 24DS1000121 ULAGAOOZHIAN (2025-02-02T16:54:03.510Z)

Dear Sir,

Thank you very much sir for your kind reply.  
I have published the page on GITHUB and this is the screen shot. As you see
the url link is:  
<https://ulagaoozhian.github.io/TDS-page/>  
But I dont know the GA portal does not accept the answer. That also I have
given a screenshot.  
Please look into it sir. I am loosing 1 precise mark !!!  
thanks and regards,  
ULAGAOOZHIAN  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout and Context:** * The image is a screenshot of a web browser.
* The tab title is "Pages," and the URL indicates the user is viewing GitHub
Pages settings for a repository. * The URL visible is
`github.com/ULAGADOZHIAN/TDS-page/settings/pages` * The page appears to be
related to configuring and managing a GitHub Pages website. **Top Navigation
Bar:** * Shows a standard browser address bar with the URL mentioned above. *
Includes typical browser controls like back, forward, refresh, and a search
bar (labeled "Type to search"). * Also shows icons for extensions or browser
features, including a "Navigation privée" indicator suggesting a private
browsing session. **GitHub Navigation (Top Left):** * Shows the user's GitHub
username (`ULAGADOZHIAN`) and the repository name (`TDS-page`). * Below that,
a standard GitHub menu appears with options like: * Code * Issues * Pull
requests * Actions * Projects * Wiki * Security * Insights * Settings
(selected/highlighted) **GitHub Pages Settings Section (Main Content):** *
**GitHub Pages Heading:** States "GitHub Pages is designed to host your
personal, organization, or project pages from a GitHub repository." * **Your
Site is Live At:** This is a crucial part, displaying the URL of the live
GitHub Pages site: `https://ulagaoozhian.github.io/TDS-page/`. A "Visit site"
button is available. The site was last deployed by ULAGADOTHIAN 19 hours ago.
* **Build and Deployment:** * **Source:** Indicates that the site is being
deployed from a branch ("Deploy from a branch"). * **Branch:** States "Your
GitHub Pages site is currently being built from the main branch". * There are
dropdowns for selecting the branch (`main` is selected) and a directory (`/
(root)` is selected). A "Save" button is present. * **Custom Domain:** A
section about configuring a custom domain name for the website. It mentions
that you can use a domain other than the default `ulagaoozhian.github.io`.
There are "Save" and "Remove" buttons. * **Enforce HTTPS:** A checkbox or
toggle likely used to enable HTTPS for the site. **Sidebar Menu (Left):** * A
vertical menu on the left-hand side of the screen provides access to various
settings and features within the GitHub repository. Key options include: *
General * Access (Collaborators, Moderation Options) * Code and automation
(Branches, Tags, Rules, Actions, Webhooks, Environments, Codespaces, Pages) *
Security (Code Security, Deploy Keys, Secrets and Variables) * Integrations
(GitHub Apps) * Email notifications **Operating System Bar (Bottom):** *
Displays the standard Windows taskbar with icons for applications, the Start
button, search, notifications, language settings (FRA), and the time/date
(17:47, 02/02/2025). **Summary:** The image shows the GitHub Pages settings
for a repository named "TDS-page" belonging to the user "ULAGADOZHIAN." The
key takeaway is that the GitHub Pages site is live at
`https://ulagaoozhian.github.io/TDS-page/`, deployed from the `main` branch,
and there are options to configure a custom domain. ]image1920×1200 121
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/b/dbb5a17f4a1f64da772ca85bc72d3c1cfc56bfd1.jpeg
"image")

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image's content,
focusing on text, objects, and relevant features: **Overall Layout:** * The
image is a screenshot of a web browser, likely taken during an online
assessment or assignment. * The browser window contains multiple tabs,
suggesting the user is working on different tasks or resources. * The color
scheme is mainly white with a green header at the top. **Header Area:** * The
title of the current tab is "TDS 2025 Jan G". * There's a timer indicating
remaining time: "01:37:36 left". * Score is "0/10". * Options to "Check all"
and "Save" are present. **Content Area:** * There's a section on publishing a
page using GitHub Pages. * Emphasis on ensuring the email address
"24ds1000121@ds.study.iitm.ac.in" is in the page's HTML. * Instruction to wrap
the email address inside a specific HTML tag to obfuscate it: "\<!--
email\\_off-->24ds1000121@ds.study.iitm.ac.in\<!--/email\\_off-->". * A
question asks for the GitHub Pages URL, with an example format:
"https://\\[USER].github.io/\\[REPO]/". * The user has entered
"https://ulagaoozhian.github.io/TDS-page/?v=1, ?v=2". **Error Message:** * An
error message is displayed: "Error: 24ds1000121@ds.study.iitm.ac.in is not in
the response:" This indicates that the system is not detecting the email
address in the HTML content it receives from the provided URL. * Following the
error message, there is the HTML code from a webpage including tags such as
`<!DOCTYPE html>`, `<html lang="en">`, `<head>`, `<meta charset="UTF-8">`,
`<title>My Model Page</title>`, `<h1>`, `<p>`, and `<a>`. This code seems to
define a simple webpage with a title, a heading, and a contact section. The
email address is obfuscated in the `<a>` tag, using Cloudflare's email
protection. **Additional Information:** * A note at the bottom suggests adding
"?v=1, ?v=2" to the URL to bust the cache if changes aren't reflected. * There
is a "Check" button to submit the answer. **Key Insights:** * The assignment
requires publishing a GitHub Pages website and including a specific email
address. * Email obfuscation is necessary due to Cloudflare's email
protection. * The system is validating whether the provided URL actually
contains the specified email address (in its obfuscated form). * There's an
error because the system isn't finding the email address in the HTML content
from the URL. In essence, the screenshot captures a point in an online
assessment where the user has submitted a GitHub Pages URL, but the automated
system is unable to verify the presence of the email address in the HTML
source code of the page. This suggests the user might have made an error in
their HTML implementation. ]image1920×1200 137 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/5/35b98d774a04706134f25fb8c36bbcaee0409c50.jpeg
"image")

  
Sir, the page I have published via GITHUB is as below:  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image is a screenshot of a web browser window, specifically
Google Chrome, displaying a simple webpage titled "My Model Page". The content
is minimal, with just a title and a contact email address. **Content
Breakdown:** * **Browser Window:** The top of the image clearly shows the
browser's tab bar. Some of the tabs and titles that are visible are: * "My
Dashboard - ET I" * "WOL: Complex Dati X" * "BOM Capstone" * "About the Course
X" * "Graded Assignment" * "TDS 2025 Jan GAZ" * "My Model Page" - This is the
currently active tab, showing the page being displayed. The address bar
contains the URL: "ulagaoozhian.github.io/TDS-page/". There are also browser
controls visible, such as "Navigation privée" on the right side of the address
bar. * **"My Model Page" Content:** * **Title:** The main title of the webpage
is "My Model Page" in a larger, bold font. * **Contact Information:** Below
the title, the line "Contact me at:" appears, followed by an email address:
"24ds1000121@ds.study.iitm.ac.in" (the 'iitm' part is a little distorted in
the OCR, but seems likely given the context). The email address is displayed
in a blue color, suggesting it might be a clickable link. * **Windows
Taskbar:** The bottom of the image shows part of the Windows taskbar. *
Windows Start button is visible * Search Bar ( "Rechercher") * Several
application icons are visible (Chrome, File explorer, Microsoft Edge,
Microsoft excel, Microsoft Word, Adobe Acrobat, etc.) * System tray
(Notification area) with icons for network connection, volume, and date/time
("FRA 17:58 02/02/2025"). **Observations and Inferences:** * The page appears
to be a personal webpage, possibly part of a course project or personal
portfolio. * The github.io domain indicates that the page is likely hosted on
GitHub Pages. * The page is simple, suggesting it may be under development or
intended to be a basic introduction. * The email address domain
(@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) suggests that the page may belong to a student at the
Indian Institute of Technology Madras (IITM). In summary, the image shows a
basic webpage hosted on GitHub Pages, likely belonging to a student or
individual named "ulagaoozhian" (implied by the URL), with minimal content
providing a way to contact them. ]image3072×1920 200
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/f/cf9fe2741545908255fc8f787b522662abb9145b.jpeg
"image")


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-02T17:14:46.295Z)

Hi [@24DS1000121_ULAGAOOZ](/u/24ds1000121_ulagaooz) ,

That’s because GitHub protects your email when an external website requests a
GitHub Page. To disable this protection, create a `.nojekyll` file in your
root folder of your repository.

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Left Side
(Question/Problem)** * **Title:** "What is the GitHub Pages URL? It might look
like: https://[USER].github.io/[REPO]/" * **Input Field:** The user has
entered "https://ulagaoozhian.github.io/TDS-page/" * **Error Message:**
"Error: 24ds1000121@ds.study.uitm.ac.in is not in the response:" followed by a
large HTML snippet. The HTML includes: * `<!DOCTYPE html>` * `<title>My Model
Page</title>` * `<h1>My Model Page</h1>` * `<p>Contact me at: <a href="/cdn-
cgi/l/email-protection` ... with obfuscated email address via Cloudflare's
email protection. * **Busting Cache Tip:** "If a recent change that's not
reflected, add ?v=1, ?v=2 to the URL to bust the cache." **Right Side
(Developer Tools/Network Panel)** * **Browser DevTools:** The image shows the
"Network" panel of a browser's developer tools. We can see filters at the top
(Fetch/XHR, Doc, CSS, JS, etc.) * **Request:** A single request is listed:
"TDS-page/" (the name of the request). * **Preview Tab:** The "Preview" tab is
selected, showing the rendered output of the request. * **Content of
Preview:** * `My Model Page` (as a heading, likely <h1>) * `Contact me at:
[email protected]` **Overlays and Indicators** * **Timer:** Top left corner,
"[Admin] 01:19:33 left" (likely indicating the time remaining for a
quiz/assignment). * **Score:** "Score: 0/10" * **Buttons:** "Check all" and
"Save" **Analysis and Key Points** * The user is trying to provide a GitHub
Pages URL. * The user-entered URL seems valid according to the prompt's
example (`https://[USER].github.io/[REPO]/`). * The "Error" message on the
left side is key. It is likely indicating an issue with the content of the
response received from the URL the user provided. The error suggests that a
specific email address is *not* present in the returned HTML. * The right-hand
side confirms the URL is accessible and returns HTML, but the requested email
(`24ds1000121@ds.study.uitm.ac.in`) is missing. * The email address shown in
the HTML content of the preview panel (`[email protected]`) is different from
the one that it's searching for, which the Error is showing. In short, the
user is likely being asked to provide a GitHub Pages URL that contains a
*specific* email address (24ds1000121@ds.study.uitm.ac.in) in the HTML source
code. The provided URL doesn't have that email. ]image1900×809 131
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/4/64798b0686fda7cc36e604c3040f40e2872474b5.png
"image")

Kind regards


---
### Deveshu Pathak (2025-02-02T17:17:42.209Z)

I am facing this issue. It is stating the error as mentioned  

[[Image description: Here's a breakdown of the image content: **Overall
Layout:** The image shows a screen capture related to testing an API (likely a
student data API). It includes text instructions, an example API endpoint, and
an error message indicating a failed test case. **Text Content:** *
**Instructions:** * The API should accept a query parameter `class` to filter
students by their class. * Multiple `class` parameters should allow filtering
by several classes (e.g., `class=1A&class=1B`). * The API should return
students in the order they appear in the source CSV file. * CORS (Cross-Origin
Resource Sharing) must be enabled to allow GET requests from any origin. *
**Question:** "What is the API URL endpoint for FastAPI? It might look like:
`http://127.0.0.1:8000/api`" * **API Endpoint:** A text box shows the API
endpoint: `http://127.0.0.1:8000/api` * **Error Message:** * "Error: Response
[...] does not match expected [...]" * The error message indicates that the
API returned a list of student objects (each with "studentid" and "class"
keys) that does not match the expected list. * The error includes the actual
response from the API and the expected response. The difference likely stems
from incorrect filtering based on the `class` parameter. **Key Features &
Objects:** * **Code Snippets:** The error message contains JSON-like
representations of student data (lists of dictionaries), showing "studentid"
and "class" values. This format is used for both the actual response and the
expected response. * **Text Boxes:** A text box contains the suggested API
endpoint. * **Error Icon:** There's an error icon next to the API endpoint. *
**Testing Description:** "We'll check by sending a request to this URL with
?class=... added and check if the response matches the data." This clarifies
how the API is being tested. In summary, the image is about verifying that a
student data API correctly filters and returns student information based on
the `class` query parameter. The error message suggests that the API's
filtering logic isn't working as intended.]image1630×575 64
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/6/a65a73e26776aa7f03943523ae128705930fa05e.png
"image")

The /api is working perfectly fine manually either I specify the class or
without it  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall:** * The image is a screenshot of a web browser window. * The
browser is displaying JSON data formatted with a "pretty-print" style. This
suggests it's likely a response from an API endpoint. * The content is a list
of student records, each containing a `studentId` (an integer) and a `class`
(a string code). **Textual Elements:** * **URL:** The URL bar shows
`127.0.0.1:8000/api`. This indicates the content is being served from a local
web server, likely running on port 8000, and the endpoint is `/api`. *
**Title:** The title bar says "Pretty-print". * **JSON Data:** The main
content is the JSON data. Let's break it down: * `{"students":[`: The data is
a JSON object with a single key, `"students"`. The value associated with this
key is a JSON array (indicated by the `[` bracket). * Inside the array: * Each
element is a JSON object representing a student. * Each student object has two
key-value pairs: * `"studentId"`: The student's ID (e.g., 1, 2, 3,...up to
252). It's a number. * `"class"`: A string representing the class the student
belongs to (e.g., "10Q", "7K", "2G", "10O", "4W", "10H", "8F", "12G", ... many
different string codes). **Tab Bar:** The browser has several tabs open,
including: * AI * CS50 * Programming * goodreads.com * Household Services... *
Hack2skill * Home - Prepare for... * cse.iitb.ac.in/~gane... * Arcade * Coding
Conquest C... * NPTEL * All Bookmarks **Interpretation:** The image shows the
response from an API that serves student data. Each student record contains an
ID and a class identifier. The API is running locally on the developer's
machine. ]image1917×976 180 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/c/bc2d0911cafe513e7b673a5c45286d15344a4d33.png
"image")

Sample class example that I tried manually is below  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: The image
shows a web browser window displaying JSON data. The browser is running on a
local server (127.0.0.1:8000) and the URL contains a query parameter
"class=3Q". The title of the browser tab includes "127.0.0.1/api?class=3Q".
Several other tabs are also open. The "Pretty-print" text suggests that the
JSON is formatted for better readability. The JSON data consists of a
"students" array. Each element within the "students" array is an object
containing two key-value pairs: "studentId" (a numerical ID) and "class" which
is set to "3Q". A sample of student IDs include: 68, 838, 902, 1096, 1623,
1784, 1834, 1893, and 1931. At the bottom of the screen, the system tray
displays: temperature (15°C), CPU usage (90%), GPU usage (25%), RAM usage
(97%), date (02-02-2025), and time (22:46). Several application icons also
line the task bar. ]image1919×1079 185 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/4/94b68df3490d735ba6fc0a0f57040bd762ed8eef.png
"image")

The main code is below

    
    
    import sys
    
    
    sys.path.append("C:\\Users\\Deveshu Pathak\\AppData\\Local\\Packages\\PythonSoftwareFoundation.Python.3.12_qbz5n2kfra8p0\\LocalCache\\local-packages\\Python312\\Scripts")
    # tds_q9.py
    from fastapi import FastAPI, Query
    from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware
    import pandas as pd
    
    app = FastAPI()
    
    app.add_middleware(
        CORSMiddleware,
        allow_origins=["*"],  
        allow_credentials=True,
        allow_methods=["*"],  
        allow_headers=["*"],  
    )
    
    # Load CSV file
    df = pd.read_csv("q-fastapi.csv")
    
    @app.get("/api")
    def get_students(class_: list[str] = Query(None, alias="class")):
        if class_:
            filtered_df = df[df["class"].isin(class_)]
        else:
            filtered_df = df
    
        # Convert to dictionary list
        students = filtered_df.to_dict(orient="records")
        return {"students": students}
    


---
### 24DS1000121 ULAGAOOZHIAN (2025-02-02T18:11:48.000Z)

Gentleman,  
Will you consider my mark or not ?


---
### 24DS1000121 ULAGAOOZHIAN (2025-02-02T18:15:27.000Z)

Gentleman,  
I dont understand. I just now, on triggering the Github action, I copied the
url of my github repository. It worked !


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-02T18:26:26.753Z)

The problem is that, if class param is passed, only then it is filtering as
usual, but when no param is passed it returns the entire DataFrame, which is
not supposed to happen.

If no parameter is passed it should return an empty list.

I suspect you directly copied this code from ChatGPT without understanding,
which is acceptable for us, but not very helpful for you.


---
### 21f3003255 (2025-02-02T18:40:15.664Z)

I had submitted the assignment in the evening, but now in the portal it’s
showing not submitted.  

[[Image description: The image shows a section labeled "Recent saves" from a
user interface. There are three recent save entries listed. Each entry
includes a "Reload" button, the date and time of the save (02/02/2025 with
different times for each), and a score associated with the save (10, 10, and
8.5 respectively). ]image2762×424 36.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/d/8d57fe426cb566e6bb347ef1b9b062b143111527.png
"image")

  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image's content:
**Overall Structure:** The image shows a section from what appears to be an
online course or learning management system. The section pertains to a
specific module and assignment grading information. **Textual Content:** *
**Module Title:** "Module 2: Deployment Tools" * **Category:** "Assignment" *
**Assignment Title:** "Graded Assignment 2" (hyperlinked, indicated by the
underline) * **Due Date:** "Assessment (Due: 2 Feb 2025)" * **Submission
Status:** "Not Submitted" (in red color) * **Column Headers:** * "Your Score"
* "Peer Average" * "Median Score" * **Score Values:** All score columns for
the assignment have a "-" value, likely indicating that the assignment has not
been graded or no scores are yet available. **Visual Elements:** * **Layout:**
The information is structured in a row format, with the assignment details on
the left and score columns on the right. * **Colors:** The main colors are
black for the text and a light grey/white for the background. "Not Submitted"
is red, drawing attention to the status. * **Icon:** There's a caret icon
pointing upward to the right of the title, suggesting this section can be
collapsed or expanded. * **Lines:** Vertical lines separate the three score
columns. **Interpretation:** The image represents the grading information for
a specific assignment within a module. The user has not submitted the
assignment, and therefore, no scores (personal, peer average, or median) are
displayed. The due date is also clearly visible.]image1818×460 33.4
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/c/0cc0656be3d660b3f7e297bcc48fc3cee11684bc.png
"image")


---
### 21f3003255 (2025-02-02T18:42:20.205Z)

Even there is no submission button provided in GA2 and GA3 on the portal
unlike Graded Assignment 1.  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a webpage or application,
likely related to an online course or assignment submission. The layout is
simple, with a heading and paragraphs of text. **Text Content and Key
Information:** * **Title:** "Graded Assignment 2" * **Status:** "The due date
for submitting this assignment has passed." This is followed by a red text
stating: "Due on 2025-02-02, 23:59 IST." This indicates the assignment
deadline has already occurred. * **Submission Policy:** "You may submit any
number of times before the due date. The final submission will be considered
for grading." * **Troubleshooting Advice:** * "If you have any difficulty
accessing the Graded Assignment, please check the following causes:" * A list
of potential issues preventing access, including: * Ad blockers needing to be
disabled/removed * Cookies required for authentication * JavaScript
requirement * Recommendation of Chrome Browser * Disable potentially
interfering browser extensions * Overly aggressive anti-virus software *
**Important Instruction:** "You MUST use your Student Id (eg.
22f3xxxxxx@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) to do the Graded Assignment, otherwise your
score will not be considered for evaluation." This emphasizes the importance
of using the correct student ID for grading purposes. * **Assignment Link:**
"Graded Assignment 2 is available at this link:
[https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga2](https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/tds-2025-01-ga2).
Please attempt it." This provides a direct link to access the assignment.
**Objects/Visual Features:** * A back arrow button is visible in the top left
corner. **Overall Impression:** The image conveys that the student has missed
the deadline for submitting "Graded Assignment 2," although the assignment
link is still provided, it may not be possible to submit for grading. It also
provides a number of helpful pieces of information to troubleshoot potential
reasons why the student may be unable to access the assignment page and, if
the student can access it, the student must use the appropriate ID or else the
submission will not be graded. ]image2152×1012 269
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/a/ca245554139914ea990f74662f8a4b03437c9ebd.png
"image")


---
### Abhay Mehra (2025-02-02T18:57:19.255Z)

same problem, please sir [@carlton](/u/carlton) consider this GA marks
otherwise our efforts will be wasted


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-03T05:06:38.596Z)

We have removed that button, cause it was causing confusion among the
students.

If you have saved your answers on the TDS portal then you need not worry, you
will be marked. The button was just there to ensure you saw the assignment on
the TDS portal.

Regards,  
TDS TA


---
### Tanmay Garg (2025-02-03T05:53:20.398Z)

[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Impression:** The image shows a man posing indoors. The image quality is
somewhat low, making it difficult to discern very fine details. **Subject and
Pose:** * The main subject is a man. * He is smiling and looking directly at
the camera. * He appears to be sitting, possibly in a chair. **Clothing and
Appearance:** * He is wearing a striped shirt (likely short-sleeved) with a
pattern of dark and light stripes. * He is wearing what appears to be blue
denim jeans. **Background:** * The background is somewhat blurry and
indistinct, but it seems to be an indoor setting. * There are some shapes and
colors visible in the background, but it's difficult to make out specific
objects. It seems like a store. **Additional Details:** * The image does not
appear to have any obvious text that could provide additional information. If
you have any specific questions about the image, feel free to ask! ]
Saransh_Saini:

> ers on the TDS portal then you need not worry, you will be marked. The
> button was just there to ensure you saw the assignment on the TDS portal.
>
> Regards,

Does this go for GA1 also ?


---
### Saransh Saini (2025-02-03T06:04:25.854Z)

Yes. The scores you achieve in the TDS portal are your scores for the GA. It’s
not necessary to do anything on the Seek Portal.


---
### Tanmay Garg (2025-02-03T06:05:51.002Z)

Actually even on the portal it’s showing like this:  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image, focusing on
its content: **Overall Context:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a
web page displaying a quiz or assignment from an online course. The page is
titled "TDS 2025 Jan GA1 - Development". It is likely part of a course on
"Tools in Data Science" offered by "IITM Online Degree." **Key Elements:** *
**Header:** The top of the screen has browser tabs showing "Outline IITM
Online Degree," "Tools in Data Science," "TDS 2025 Jan GA1 - Development," and
"GA2 - Deployment Tools - Disc." This confirms the course and assignment
context. * **Assignment Deadline:** A red bar indicates that the assignment
has ended. It states "Ended at Sun, 26 Jan, 2025, 11:59 pm IST Score: 0". The
user's score on the assignment is 0. "Check all" and "Save" buttons are
present. * **Statement about "Hacking":** Below the deadline, there is a
statement: "7. It's hackable. It's possible to get the answer to some
questions by hacking the code for this quiz. That's allowed." This is an
unusual and interesting note, implying that students are permitted to explore
the quiz code for answers. * **Advice on Taking TDS:** It gives advice to
students on whether to take the TDS module. This includes: "Should you take
TDS this term? If this assignment takes you under 2 hours to complete, you
will likely do OK in TDS. If you score above 8/10, you might get an S or A
grade, with effort and luck." * **Discussion Forum Link:** There is a button
labeled "Have questions? Join the discussion on Discourse". * **User Login
Information:** It shows the user is logged in as
"22f2001630@ds.study.iitm.ac.in." There is a "Logout" link below the login
information. * **Recent Saves:** A "Recent saves" section indicates the user
has saved progress on the assignment, showing reload options with a timestamp
of "1/25/2025, 10:56:53 PM" and a score of "6.5" for each. **Operating
System:** * The bottom right of the screen indicates it is the windows
operating system, with an “Activate Windows” watermark **Interpretation:** The
image captures a student's experience with an online assignment that has
already passed its deadline. The unusual permission to "hack the code" is a
notable feature of the assignment design. The prompt to encourage users to
interact on Discourse indicates the course is attempting to foster community
and that communication is a strong part of the course module. ]image1920×1080
214 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/8/38f632fba8ac8ada694ecf27891ee06ffdedb25a.png
"image")

  
So it’s confusing.

Just Checked my Score Card.  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image: **Overall
Layout and Design:** The image appears to be a screenshot of a student's
dashboard on an online learning platform, likely related to the IIT Madras
Degree in Data Science and Applications. The platform uses a clean, modern
design. **Header Section:** * **Top Navigation Bar:** Shows the website
address "app.onlinedegree.itm.ac.in/student\\_dashboard/current\\_courses".
There are multiple tabs opened in the web browser like "My Dashboard-IIT
Madras On", "BDM Capstone", "Tools in Data Science", "TDS 2005 Jan
GA1-Developm", "GA2-Deployment Tools-Disc" * **IIT Madras Branding:** Features
the IIT Madras logo and the text "IIT Madras Degree in Data Science and
Applications". * **User Information:** Displays the user's name "TANMAY GARG"
along with icons for "Latest Updates" and a "SIGN OUT" button. **Main Content
Area:** * **Date Display:** Shows the current date as "03 February, 2025" and
indicates the term as "JANUARY 2025 TERM". * **"My Current Courses" Section:**
This is the main section of the dashboard, displaying information about the
user's current courses. * **CGPA Information:** Shows "Cumulative Grade Point
Average (CGPA) till this term - 8.3" and "Project Cumulative Grade Point
Average (Project CGPA) till this term - 0.0". * **Course Cards:** Two course
cards are visible: * **"Tools in Data Science":** Labeled as a "NEW COURSE".
Shows "Week 1 Assignment - 65.00" and has a "Go to Course page >" button. *
**"Business Data Management - Project":** Labeled as a "RETRY PROJECT". It is
marked as "Registered" and has a "Go to Project page >" button. **Sidebar:** *
A vertical sidebar on the left contains icons, possibly for navigation to
different sections of the learning platform (e.g., a dashboard, assignments,
calendar, messages, resources, etc.). **Footer Section:** * A section at the
bottom related to reporting harassment. It mentions the ITM BS Degree Team's
commitment to ensuring equal value and respect, and provides an email address
(students-grievance@study.iitm.ac.in) for reporting complaints. It also
mentions preserving individual's privacy and protecting the confidentiality of
information. **Additional Elements:** * "Activate Windows" watermark at the
bottom right corner. * The taskbar shows icons for various programs like
Microsoft Edge, File Explorer, Microsoft Teams, Visual Studio Code, etc. **Key
Features and Information:** * The dashboard is for a student at IIT Madras in
the Data Science and Applications program. * The student's current CGPA is
8.3. * The student is taking courses including "Tools in Data Science" and
"Business Data Management - Project". * One of the courses is new, and one is
a retry project. * The date is February 3, 2025. ]image1920×1080 271
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/e/ce46e1bb6f4579797044486ebb3809d25b1af2d2.png
"image")

  
Thank you for your attention to our problems you are the real heroes.  
[@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)


---
### Pururaj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-03T18:59:09.558Z)

Same problem with my submission


---
### Jivraj Singh Shekhawat (2025-02-03T22:49:02.479Z)

Hi Tanmay,

No need to worry. From Recent Saves top one will be selected for grading.


---
### Pratiyush Pathak (2025-02-06T13:20:27.517Z)

I saved my responses before deadline but still my GA2 didn’t got evaluated  

[[Image description: Here's a detailed description of the image content:
**Overall Layout:** * The image shows a portion of a quiz or assessment
interface on a website. The background is dark. * There are multiple sections
stacked vertically, each with different information and functionalities. **Top
Section:** * **Ending Time:** "Ended at Sun, 2 Feb, 2025, 11:59 pm IST"
indicates that the quiz has ended and specifies the date and time it ended in
Indian Standard Time. * **Score:** "Score: 0" shows that the user's current
score is 0. * **Buttons:** "Check all" and "Save" buttons are present, likely
to check answers and save progress, respectively. **Question Section:** *
**Question Text:** "7. It's hackable. It's possible to get the answer to some
questions by hacking the code for this quiz. That's allowed." This is likely a
statement related to the quiz's rules or design, implying that finding answers
through code manipulation is permissible. **Discussion Section:** * **Question
Prompt:** A box saying, "Have questions? Join the discussion on Discourse."
The icon appears to be a speech bubble. This suggests there is a forum or
discussion board available for students to ask questions about the quiz.
**User Information:** * **Logged-In User:** "You are logged in as
23f2005327@ds.study.litm.ac.in" indicates the user's login information. *
**Logout Button:** A "Logout" button provides the option to sign out of the
account. **Recent Saves Section:** * **Recent Saves:** A box indicates a
recent save. * **Reload:** A "Reload" button is displayed, accompanied by the
date and time "from 02/02/2025, 21:49:25." and "Score: 5.5", indicating the
timestamp and score of the last saved attempt. **Overall Impression:** The
image captures a moment after a quiz has ended, showing the user's score, a
question or rule about hacking, the ability to join a discussion, the logged-
in user details, and a record of recent saves.]Screenshot from 2025-02-06
11-52-271626×535 33.9 KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/7/c79c92c8990f8b4c2dc990be7206d77a5a7b7a9f.png
"Screenshot from 2025-02-06 11-52-27")


---
### Pratiyush Pathak (2025-02-06T13:21:38.546Z)

I saved my responses for GA3 before deadline but still my responses disnt got
evaluated.  

[[Image description: Here is a detailed description of the image content: The
image appears to be a screenshot of a user interface, likely from an online
assessment or educational platform. Here's a breakdown of the visible
elements: **Top Area:** * **Red Banner:** At the very top, there's a red
banner indicating the assessment end time: "Ended at Wed, 5 Feb, 2025, 11:59
pm IST". * **Score and Actions:** Also in the red banner, it shows a "Score:
0" and buttons labeled "Check all" and "Save". **Middle Section:** *
**Discussion Prompt:** A blue banner contains text: "Have questions? Join the
discussion on Discourse." * **Login Information:** Displays the user's login
information as "You are logged in as 23f2005327@ds.study.iitm.ac.in." *
**Logout Link:** There's a "Logout" button, possibly for ending the user
session. **Bottom Section:** * **Recent Saves:** A dark green section titled
"Recent saves" is visible. * **Save History:** * Multiple lines display saved
versions, showing "Reload" as a link, followed by the date and time of save
(e.g., "from 05/02/2025, 23:12:21") and the score at the time (e.g., "Score:
5.5"). * There are multiple saves listed. In summary, the image shows a
student's assessment interface, including details about the assessment's end
time, score, recent saved versions, and options to save or check all answers.
The user is also logged in and has access to a discussion platform.
]Screenshot from 2025-02-06 11-52-351626×535 34.8
KB](https://europe1.discourse-
cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/d/9d4ab00adde6f3bf0c1aa301890f0a9c6266b900.png
"Screenshot from 2025-02-06 11-52-35")


---
